Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 38 (Monday, September 21, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 38 (Monday, September 21, 1998)]
[Pages 1784-1785]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Government Use of Recycled Products

September 14, 1998

    Today I am pleased to sign an Executive order strengthening Federal 
efforts to protect the environment and promote economic growth through 
the purchase of recycled and other environmentally preferable products.
    As the Nation's largest paper purchaser, the Federal Government has 
a special responsibility to lead the way in building markets for 
recycled goods. Since 1993, when I signed an earlier Executive order to 
promote recycling, we have quadrupled our purchase of recycled-content 
paper. Today we are going the next step. I am directing agencies to 
ensure that as of January 1 they purchase only recycled paper. Through 
this single action, we will save up to half a million trees a year, 
reduce air and water pollution, and curb emissions that contribute to 
global warming. We will also harness our tremendous purchasing power to 
spur the growing market for recycled products.
    To further promote the use of environmentally preferable products, 
this ``Greening the Government'' Executive order also directs agencies 
to establish recycling targets, encourages them to purchase biobased and 
other ``green'' products, and creates a White House task force to 
oversee Federal recycling efforts.
    Recycling is one of America's great environmental success stories. 
Across the country, families and businesses each day demonstrate their 
commitment to our environment through the simple act of recycling. By 
redoubling our efforts to ``green the Government,'' we are demonstrating 
once again that the environment and the economy go hand

[[Page 1785]]

in hand, and helping to promote a more sustainable future for America.