Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 18 (Monday, May 4, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 18 (Monday, May 4, 1998)]
[Pages 752-753]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 27

    The President announced his intention to nominate Rudolf Vilem 
Perina to be Ambassador to Moldova.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael C. Lemmon 
to be Ambassador to Armenia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jesse Brown as 
Vice-Chair, and Vinh Cam, Marc Cisneros, David Moore, Alan Steinman, and 
Elmo Zumwalt as members of the Special Oversight Board for Department of 
Defense Investigations of Gulf War Chemical and Biological Incidents.

April 28

    In the evening, the President traveled to New York City, and later, 
he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey Davidow to 
be Ambassador to Mexico.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John O'Leary to be 
Ambassador to Chile.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mari Carmen Aponte 
to be Ambassador to the Dominican Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate E. William Crotty 
to be Ambassador to Barbados, Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, 
St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arthur Schechter 
to be Ambassador to the Bahamas.

April 29

    In the morning, the President met with President Isaias Afworki of 
Eritrea in the Oval Office.
    In an afternoon ceremony in the Roosevelt Room, the President 
presented the Presidential Citizens Medal to Albert Abramson.

[[Page 753]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, flooding on April 16.

May 1

    In the morning, the President traveled to San Jose, CA, where he 
toured Therma, Inc., and participated in a roundtable discussion with 
employees.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Portola Valley, CA, where 
he attended a Democratic National Committee dinner.