Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 16 (Monday, April 20, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 16 (Monday, April 20, 1998)]
[Pages 668-669]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 13

    The President and Mrs. Clinton announced that the next Millennium 
Evening will be a celebration of American creativity through poetry 
featuring Poets Laureate Robert Pinsky, Robert Hass, and Rita Dove and 
will take place in the East Room at the White House on April 22.

April 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Houston, TX.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
King Hussein I of Jordan concerning the Middle East and Northern Ireland 
peace processes and the President's trip to Africa.
    In the evening, the President met with Hispanic leaders prior to the 
ESPN townhall meeting.

April 15

    In the morning, the President traveled to Pratt City and McDonald 
Chapel, AL. In the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Santiago, Chile, arriving early the next morning.

April 16

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton met with President 
Eduardo Frei and his wife, Marta, at La Moneda Palace. Later, President 
Clinton and President Frei held bilateral meetings.
    In the afternoon, President Clinton and President Frei toured a 
small business in the San Miguel neighborhood. Later, the Presidents and 
the First Ladies participated in a roundtable discussion with community 
leaders at San Andreas University.

April 17

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Valparaiso, Chile.

[[Page 669]]

    In the afternoon, they went to the town of Casablanca, where they 
participated in an informal discussion with community members. Later, 
the President addressed the community of Casablanca.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton returned to 
Santiago.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonathan Spalter 
as Associate Director for Information at the U.S. Information Agency.