Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 39 (Monday, September 28, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 39 (Monday, September 28, 1998)]
[Pages 1847-1848]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Military Construction Appropriations           Act, 
1999

September 20, 1998

    Today I signed the Military Construction Appropriations Act, an 
important step for the well-being of our men and women in uniform and 
their families.
    This is an example of what we can achieve when we work together--
Congress and the President, Republicans and Democrats--for the public 
good. Unfortunately, with less than 2 weeks to go before the beginning 
of the new fiscal year, Congress has yet to pass a budget. In fact, 
Congress has finished work on only one of 13 appropriations bills--bills 
that are necessary to keep the Government running and to advance the 
interests of the American people.
    I am pleased that the Senate has taken steps to support the 
priorities laid out in my budget. But on key investments to improve 
education, provide affordable child care, expand health care coverage, 
protect our environment, and stabilize the international economy, the 
House of Representatives is moving in the wrong direction. For example, 
the House is preparing to deny funding for smaller classes, after-school 
programs, technology in the classroom, and summer job programs. At the 
same time, some lawmakers have attached controversial and unrelated 
provisions guaranteed to mire these bills in unnecessary delay.
    The new fiscal year begins on October 1. It is time for Congress to 
put progress ahead of partisanship and focus on the urgent challenges 
facing the American people.

[[Page 1848]]

Note: H.R. 4059, approved September 20, was assigned Public Law No. 105-
237.