Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 36 (Monday, September 7, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 36 (Monday, September 7, 1998)]
[Pages 1676-1677]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Senate Transmitting the Guatemala-United States Treaty on 
Stolen Vehicles and Aircraft With Documentation

August 31, 1998

To the Senate of the United States:

    With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to 
ratification, I transmit herewith the Treaty Between the Government of 
the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of 
Guatemala for the Return of Stolen, Robbed, Embezzled or Appropriated 
Vehicles and Aircraft, with Annexes and a related exchange of notes, 
signed at Guatemala City on October 6, 1997. I transmit also, for the 
information of the Senate, the report of the Department of State with 
respect to the Treaty.
    The Treaty is one of a series of stolen vehicle treaties being 
negotiated by the United States in order to eliminate the difficulties 
faced by owners of vehicles that have been stolen and transported across 
international borders. It is the first of these newly negotiated 
treaties to provide for the return of stolen aircraft as well as 
vehicles. When it enters into force, it will be an effective tool to 
facilitate the return of U.S. vehicles and

[[Page 1677]]

aircraft that have been stolen, robbed, embezzled, or appropriated and 
taken to Guatemala.
    I recommend that the Senate give early and favorable consideration 
to the Treaty, with Annexes and a related exchange of notes, and give 
its advice and consent to ratification.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
August 31, 1998.

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
September 1.