Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 39 (Monday, September 28, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 39 (Monday, September 28, 1998)]
[Pages 1867-1868]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency With 
Respect to UNITA

September 23, 1998

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice, stating that the emergency declared with respect to the 
National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (``UNITA'') is to 
continue in effect beyond September 26, 1998, to the Federal Register 
for publication.
    The circumstances that led to the declaration on September 26, 1993, 
of a national emergency have not been resolved. The actions and policies 
of UNITA pose a continuing unusual and extraordinary threat to the 
foreign policy of the United States. United Nations Security Council 
Resolutions 864 (1993), 1127 (1997), 1173 (1998), and 1176 (1998) 
continue to oblige all member states to maintain sanctions. 
Discontinuation of the sanctions would have a prejudicial effect on

[[Page 1868]]

the Angolan peace process. For these reasons, I have determined that it 
is necessary to maintain in force the broad authorities necessary to 
apply economic pressure to UNITA to reduce its ability to pursue its 
aggressive policies of territorial acquisition.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
September 23, 1998.