Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 31 (Monday, August 3, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 31 (Monday, August 3, 1998)]
[Page 1530]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress Transmitting the Notice on the Continuation of 
Iraqi Emergency

July 28, 1998

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice, stating that the Iraqi emergency is to continue in 
effect beyond August 2, 1998, to the Federal Register for publication.
    The crisis between the United States and Iraq that led to the 
declaration on August 2, 1990, of a national emergency has not been 
resolved. The Government of Iraq continues to engage in activities 
inimical to stability in the Middle East and hostile to United States 
interests in the region. Such Iraqi actions pose a continuing unusual 
and extraordinary threat to the national security and vital foreign 
policy interests of the United States. For these reasons, I have 
determined that it is necessary to maintain in force the broad 
authorities necessary to apply economic pressure on the Government of 
Iraq.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
July 28, 1998.

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
July 29.