Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 46 (Monday, November 16, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 46 (Monday, November 16, 1998)]
[Pages 2278-2279]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan's Decision Not To Seek 
Reelection

November 6, 1998

    Senator Moynihan's decision to retire comes as sad news for all of 
us who have worked with him and learned from him during his long career 
of public service.
    Pat Moynihan has been a larger-than-life figure in the Senate, ably 
filling the seat once held by Aaron Burr, Martin Van Buren, and Robert 
F. Kennedy. For the last 22 years, Senator Moynihan has been a prescient 
presence in the United States Senate, always prodding the country to 
face our toughest challenges. His experience and expertise in foreign 
policy, domestic policy, science, and the arts has guided the Senate and 
served 

[[Page 2279]]

the Nation. Senator Moynihan also served as U.S. Ambassador to India 
from 1973 to 1975, U.S. Representative to the United Nations from 1975 
to 1976, and has the distinction of being the only person in American 
history to serve in four successive Presidential administrations.
    His personal story could have been written by Horatio Alger: His 
rise from a poor childhood in New York City's Hell's Kitchen to his 
place as the most popular statewide elected official in New York during 
four Senate terms is an inspirational life story that serves as a 
powerful rebuttal to the prevailing cynicism about politics and public 
service.
    Hillary and I wish him and Elizabeth all the best. We will miss him. 
So will the Congress. So will America.

Note: This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.