Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 44 (Monday, November 4, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 44 (Monday, November 4, 2002)]
[Pages 1922-1924]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 26

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled from the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX, to Los Cabos, Mexico, where the President began 
his participation in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum 
at the Las Ventanas al Paraiso Hotel.
    Later in the morning, at the Westin Regina hotel, the President met 
with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan and President Kim Dae-
jung of South Korea concerning the situation in North Korea.
    In the afternoon, at the Fiesta Americana Grand Hotel, the President 
participated in

[[Page 1923]]

APEC leaders' meetings, a photo opportunity, and a meeting of the APEC 
Business Advisory Council. He also met with President Megawati 
Sukarnoputri of Indonesia concerning the October 12 terrorist attack in 
Bali and cooperation against terrorism. He then participated in a 
meeting with Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) leaders.
    In the evening, at the Fiesta Americana Grand Hotel, the President 
and Mrs. Bush attended a dinner for APEC forum participants hosted by 
President Vicente Fox of Mexico.

October 27

    In the morning, at the Westin Regina hotel, the President and Mrs. 
Bush greeted U.S. Embassy personnel.
    Later in the morning, at the Las Ventanas al Paraiso Hotel, the 
President participated in APEC leaders' meetings and then a photo 
opportunity. In the afternoon, he participated in the reading of the 
APEC Leaders' Declaration and then a lunch for APEC forum participants.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ.

October 28

    In the morning, the President traveled to Alamogordo, NM. Upon 
arrival at Holloman Air Force Base, he met with 91-year-old Freedom 
Corps volunteer Ruth Berg.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Denver, CO. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil, to congratulate him 
on his October 27 electoral victory. He also had telephone conversations 
with Bill Stoneman, vice president and general manager, Anaheim Angels 
Major League Baseball team, and Jackie Autry, widow of former Angels' 
owner Gene Autry, to congratulate them on their team's October 27 World 
Series victory. He also had a telephone conversation with Dallas Cowboys 
running back Emmitt Smith, to congratulate him for breaking the National 
Football League's total yardage rushing record on October 27.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 29

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with the National Security Council. He also had a telephone 
conversation with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss the 
situations in the Middle East and Iraq.

October 30

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then met with Hans Blix, executive chairman, United Nations Monitoring 
Verification and Inspections Commission (UNMOVIC), and Mohammed El 
Baradei, director-general, International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), to 
discuss plans for implementation of a proposed UN Security Council 
resolution concerning weapons inspections in Iraq.

October 31

    In the morning, the President traveled to Aberdeen, SD. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to South Bend, IN, and later to Charleston, WV. 
In the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome His 
Majesty Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah of Brunei to Washington, DC, on 
December 16 to discuss bilateral relations, including counterterrorism 
efforts and trade.

November 1

    In the morning, the President traveled to Harrisburg, PA, where he 
met with volunteer Nancy Fierer, founder, Susquehanna Service Dogs 
Program, which provides service dogs to children and adults with 
disabilities. He then traveled to Portsmouth, NH, where he met with 
Americorps VISTA volunteer Zack Dietrich.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Louisville, KY, where he 
met with volunteer Ray Probus of the Jefferson County Police 
Department's Volunteers in Police Service program. In the evening, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 1924]]