Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 33 (Monday, August 19, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 33 (Monday, August 19, 2002)]
[Pages 1387-1388]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 10

    In the morning, the President traveled from the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX, to Waco, TX. Later, he returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford.

August 12

    In the morning, the President met with the National Security 
Council.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Siim Kallas of Estonia to Washington, DC, on September 4.

August 13

    In the morning, the President traveled to Waco, TX. In the 
afternoon, he returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vicente Fox of Mexico concerning Javier Suarez Medina, who was 
scheduled to be executed on August 14 by the State of Texas for a 1989 
murder conviction, and President Fox's upcoming visit to President 
Bush's ranch in Crawford, TX.

August 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Milwaukee, WI.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Des Moines, IA, where, 
upon his arrival, he met with the McCaughey family, including 4-year-old 
septuplets.

August 15

    In the morning, the President traveled to Rapid City, SD. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had intelligence and national security 
briefings. Upon his arrival in Rapid City, he met with Jerome Harvey, 
assistant

[[Page 1388]]

fire chief, emergency management coordinator, and emergency services 
volunteer, Lead, SD. Later, he traveled to Mount Rushmore National 
Memorial in Keystone, SD.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 16

    The President announced that Keith Hennessey will be joining the 
White House as Deputy Assistant to the President for Economic Policy and 
Deputy Director of the National Economic Council, replacing Marc 
Sumerlin.