Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 16 (Monday, April 22, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 16 (Monday, April 22, 2002)]
[Pages 664-665]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted April 15

 Marcos D. Jimenez,

 of Florida, to be U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida 
for the term of 4 years, vice Thomas E. Scott, resigned.
 Submitted April 16

 L. D. Britt,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Board of Regents of the Uniformed 
Services University of the Health Sciences for the remainder of the term 
expiring May 1, 2005, vice John F. Potter.

 William C. De La Pena,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Regents of the Uniformed 
Services University of the Health Sciences for a term expiring June 20, 
2007, vice Robert E. Anderson, term expired.

[[Page 665]]

 Vinicio E. Madrigal,

 of Louisiana, to be a member of the Board of Regents of the Uniformed 
Services University of the Health Sciences for a term expiring June 20, 
2003, vice Carol Johnson Johns.

 Linda J. Stierle,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Board of Regents of the Uniformed 
Services University of the Health Sciences for a term expiring May 1, 
2007, vice Shirley Ledbetter Jones.

 Randy Paul Ely,

 of Texas, to be U.S. Marshal for the Northern District of Texas for the 
term of 4 years, vice D. W. Bransom, Jr., term expired.

 Thomas M. Fitzgerald,

 of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. Marshal for the Western District of 
Pennsylvania for the term of 4 years, vice Frank Policaro, Jr., term 
expired.

 Walter Lukken,

 of Indiana, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission for a term expiring April 13, 2005, vice David D. Spears, 
term expired.

 James E. McMahon,

 of South Dakota, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of South Dakota 
for the term of 4 years, vice Karen Elizabeth Schreier, resigned.

 Stephen Robert Monier,

 of New Hampshire, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of New Hampshire 
for the term of 4 years, vice Raymond Gerard Gagnon, term expired.

 Ruben Monzon,

 of Texas, to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of Texas for the 
term of 4 years, vice Hiran Arthur Contreras, term expired.

 Gary Edward Shovlin,

 of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of 
Pennsylvania for the term of 4 years, vice Alan D. Lewis.

 David William Thomas,

 of Delaware, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Delaware for the 
term of 4 years, vice Timothy Patrick Mullaney, Sr., term expired.

 Jose Gerardo Troncoso,

 of Nevada, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Nevada for the term 
of 4 years (reappointment).