Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 49 (Monday, December 9, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 49 (Monday, December 9, 2002)]
[Pages 2110-2111]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Imposition and Waiver of Sanctions Under Section 604 of 
the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003

November 29, 2002

Presidential Determination No. 2003-04

Memorandum for the Secretary of State

Subject: Imposition and Waiver of Sanctions Under Section 604 of the 
Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003

    Pursuant to the authority contained in section 604 of the Foreign 
Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (``the Act'') (Public Law 
107-228), and pursuant to section 603 of that Act, regarding 
noncompliance by the PLO and the Palestinian Authority with certain 
commitments, I hereby impose the sanction set out in section 604(a)(2), 
``Downgrade in Status of the PLO Office in the United States.'' This 
sanction is imposed for a period of 180 days from the date hereof or 
until such time as the next report required by section 603 of the Act is 
transmitted to the Congress, whichever is later. You are authorized and 
directed to transmit to the appropriate

[[Page 2111]]

congressional committees the initial report described in section 603 of 
the Act.
    Furthermore, I hereby determine that it is in the national security 
interest of the United States to waive that sanction, pursuant to 
section 604 of the Act. This waiver shall be effective for a period of 
180 days from the date hereof or until such time as the next report 
required by section 603 of the Act is transmitted to the Congress, 
whichever is later.
    You are hereby authorized and directed to transmit this 
determination to the Congress and to publish it in the Federal Register.
                                                George W. Bush

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., December 4, 
2002]

Note: This memorandum was released by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on December 2, and it was published in the Federal Register on December 
5.