Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 11 (Monday, March 18, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 11 (Monday, March 18, 2002)]
[Pages 430-431]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 9

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a Gridiron Club 
dinner.

March 11

    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
visit Germany on May 22-23, Russia on May 23-26, and France on May 26-
27.

March 12

    In the morning, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where he 
visited the People's Emergency Center, a social service agency for 
homeless women, teenagers, and their children. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President had seperate meetings in the Oval 
Office with Minister of Defense Sergey Borisovich Ivanov of Russia and 
President Islom Karimov of Uzbekistan.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oregon and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm with high winds on February 7-8.

March 13

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President attended a Friends of Ireland 
luncheon hosted by Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis 
Hastert in the Rayburn Room at the U.S. Capitol. Later, he returned to 
the White House and dropped by a White House symposium on writers of the 
Harlem Renaissance, hosted by Mrs. Bush.

[[Page 431]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate David A. Gross for 
the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as Deputy Assistant Secretary 
of State for International Communications and Information Policy in the 
Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs and U.S. Coordinator for 
International Communications and Information Policy.
    The President announced the appointment of Reuben Jeffery III as 
Special Advisor for Lower Manhattan Development.

March 14

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. In the 
afternoon, he met with musician and activist Bono in the Oval Office 
concerning assistance for developing countries.
    The President announced the following recipients of the National 
Medal of Arts for 2001: Alvin Ailey Dance Foundation; Rudolfo Anaya; 
Johnny Cash; Kirk Douglas; Helen Frankenthaler; Judith Jamison; Yo-Yo 
Ma; and Mike Nichols.
    The President announced the following recipients of the National 
Humanities Medal for 2001: Jose Cisneros; Robert Coles; Sharon Darling; 
William Manchester; National Trust for Historic Preservation; Richard 
Peck; Eileen Jackson Southern; and Tom Wolfe.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Phyllis Fong to be 
Inspector General of the Department of Agriculture.

March 15

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to Fayetteville, NC, and then to Fort Bragg, NC. In 
the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC, and then went to Camp 
David, MD.