Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 36 (Monday, September 9, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 36 (Monday, September 9, 2002)]
[Pages 1513-1515]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations

[[Page 1514]]

to the Service Academies, or nominations of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted September 3

 Irene B. Brooks,

 of Pennsylvania, to be a Commissioner on the part of the United States 
on the International Joint Commission, United States and Canada, vice 
Susan Bayh.

 Dale Cabaniss,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority 
for a term of 5 years expiring July 29, 2007 (reappointment).

 Harold Damelin,

 of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Small Business Administration, 
vice Phyllis K. Fong.

 Philip N. Hogen,

 of South Dakota, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gaming 
Commission for the term of 3 years, vice Montie R. Deer, term expired.

 Kim R. Holmes,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (International 
Organizations), vice C. David Welch.

 John F. Keane,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Paraguay.

 Scott W. Muller,

 of Maryland, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency, 
vice Robert M. McNamara, Jr., resigned.

 Allen I. Olson,

 of Minnesota, to be a Commissioner on the part of the United States on 
the International Joint Commission, United States and Canada, vice Alice 
Chamberlin.

 Linda M. Springer,

 of Pennsylvania, to be Controller, Office of Federal Financial 
Management, Office of Management and Budget, vice Mark W. Everson.
 Submitted September 4

 Rafael Cuellar,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the National 
Consumer Cooperative Bank for a term of 3 years, vice Sheila Anne Smith, 
term expired.

 David Donath,

 of Vermont, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2004, vice Jeanne R. Ferst, term expired.

 Nancy S. Dwight,

 of New Hampshire, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board 
for a term expiring December 6, 2005, vice Ayse Manyas Kenmore, term 
expired.

 A. Wilson Greene,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2004, vice Charles Hummel, term expired.

 Maria Mercedes Guillemard,

 of Puerto Rico, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board 
for a term expiring December 6, 2005, vice Lisa A. Hembry, term expired.

 Peter Hero,

 of California, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for 
a term expiring December 6, 2006, vice Alice Rae Yelen, term expired.

 Thomas E. Lorentzen,

 of California, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for 
a term expiring December 6, 2006, vice Phillip Frost, term expired.

 Terry L. Maple,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2005, vice Townsend Wolfe, term expired.

 Peter Marzio,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2006, vice Ruth Y. Tamura, term expired.

[[Page 1515]]

 Elizabeth J. Pruet,

 of Arkansas, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2004, vice David A. Ucko, term expired.

 Judith Ann Rapanos,

 of Michigan, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2002, vice Kinshasha Holman Conwill, term 
expired.

 Judith Ann Rapanos,

 of Michigan, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2007 (reappointment).

 Grover Joseph Rees,

 of Louisiana, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Democratic Republic of East Timor.

 Edwin Joseph Rigaud,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2002, vice Arthur Rosenblatt, term expired.

 Edwin Joseph Rigaud,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2007 (reappointment).

 Harry Robinson, Jr.,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2003, vice Alberta Sebolt George, term 
expired.

 Margaret Scarlett,

 of Wyoming, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2007, vice Jerry D. Florence, term expiring.

 Michael Scott,

 of North Carolina, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
National Consumer Cooperative Bank for a term of 3 years, vice Ewen W. 
Wilson.

 Francis X. Taylor,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Diplomatic 
Security), vice David G. Carpenter, resigned.

 Francis X. Taylor,

 of Maryland, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to 
have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, vice David G. 
Carpenter.

 Beth Walkup,

 of Arizona, to be a member of the National Museum Services Board for a 
term expiring December 6, 2003, vice Robert G. Breunig, term expired.
 Submitted September 5

 David N. Greenlee,

 of Maryland, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Bolivia.

 Richard J. Peltz,

 of Pennsylvania, to be Alternate Federal Cochairman of the Appalachian 
Regional Commission, vice Ella Wong-Rusinko, resigned.

 Anne B. Pope,

 of Tennessee, to be Federal Cochairman of the Appalachian Regional 
Commission, vice Jesse L. White, resigned.

 Robin Renee Sanders,

 of New York, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Congo.