Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 41 (Monday, October 14, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 41 (Monday, October 14, 2002)]
[Pages 1746-1747]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 5

    In the morning, the President traveled from the Bush family home on 
Walker's Point in Kennebunkport, ME, to Manchester, NH. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Kennebunkport.

October 6

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.

October 7

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cincinnati, OH. In the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his appointment of William Brock, Dennis 
Nolan, and Patrick Hardin as members of the Board of Inquiry to report 
on the labor disputes affecting Pacific coast ports.

October 8

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. Later, he 
traveled to Alcoa, TN, and then to Knoxville, TN.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President attended the Republican National 
Committee's Eagles fall national meeting at the Willard Inter-
Continental Hotel. Later, he returned to the White House.

October 9

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President dropped by a lunch hosted by Mrs. 
Bush for Queen Sirikit of Thailand. Later, he met with Republican 
members of the Senate Judiciary Committee to discuss developments 
related to the nomination of Dennis W. Shedd to be U.S. Circuit Judge 
for the 4th Circuit.

[[Page 1747]]

    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jacques Chirac of France.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Adm. James M. Loy 
to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Cofer Black to 
be Coordinator for Counterterrorism at the Department of State, with the 
rank of Ambassador at Large.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on the Humanities: 
Jewel Spears Brooker, Dario Fernandez-Morera, Elizabeth Fox-Genovese, 
David Hertz, Stephen McNight, Sidney McPhee, Lawrence Okamura, 
Marguerite Sullivan, and Stephan Thernstrom.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship 
Board: Richard Halleck Brodhead, Rita DiMartino, Ronald Spogli, and 
Robert Leon Woodson, Sr.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Isidore beginning on September 23 and 
continuing through October 1.

October 10

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to Clinton, MD, where he attended the funeral service 
for Harold Hancock, former White House doorman. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.

October 11

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
former President Jimmy Carter to congratulate him on winning the Nobel 
Peace Prize. Later, he had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    During the day, the President met with a group of State legislators. 
Later, he met with members of Americans for Tax Reform.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
National Book Festival gala and dinner at the Library of Congress. 
Later, they returned to the White House.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Feliciano Foyo to 
be a member of the Advisory Board for Cuba Broadcasting.