Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 27 (Monday, July 8, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 27 (Monday, July 8, 2002)]
[Pages 1142-1143]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 29

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, after temporarily transferring 
the power of the Presidency to Vice President Dick Cheney, the President 
underwent a routine medical procedure under anesthesia. When he awoke, 
he had telephone conversations with the Vice President and the First 
Lady. Later in the morning, he reassumed the power of the Presidency.

June 30

    During the day, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 1

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. He then 
traveled to Cleveland, OH. In the afternoon, he returned to Washington, 
DC.

July 2

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. He then 
traveled to Milwaukee, WI, and later returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his nomination of Peter Eide to be General 
Counsel of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harry R. Hoglander 
to be a member of the National Mediation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel Pearson to 
be a Commissioner of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Neil McPhie to be 
a member of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Quanah Crossland 
Stamps to be Commissioner of the Administration for Native Americans.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Windy Sitton as 
U.S. Commissioner of the Canadian River Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Federal Salary Council: Thomas Bastas and 
James Pasco (employee representatives); and Rudy Joseph Maestas, Mary 
McNally Rose, and Samuel Johnson Wallace (labor relations and pay policy 
representatives).

July 3

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and then met 
with the National Security Council. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, the 
President met with National Geographic Society leaders, who presented 
him with a custom National Geographic map cabinet.
    In the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President signed 
Executive Order 13270, Tribal Colleges and Universities. Later, he 
traveled to Andrews Air Force Base, MD, where he played a round of golf.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his appointment of the following individuals 
as members of the President's Board of Advisors on Tribal Colleges and 
Universities: Ron S. McNeil, David W. Anderson, Carl J. Artman, Eddie F. 
Brown, Kathryn L. Domenici, Ann Marie Downes, Mark O. Hatfield, Daniel 
G. Keating, David J. Matheson, Martha A. McLeod, Karen M. Gayton 
Swisher, Della C. Warrior, and Richard B. Williams.
    The President declared a major disaster in Montana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 8 and continuing.

July 4

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Ripley, WV. 
In the afternoon, they returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush viewed the Independence 
Day fireworks display on The Mall with their guests,

[[Page 1143]]

from the balcony of the White House overlooking the South Lawn.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding beginning on June 29 and continuing.

July 5

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hamid Karzai of the the Transitional Authority of Afghanistan 
to express his condolences concerning civilian deaths in joint U.S.-
Afghan military operations in the Oruzgan Province of Afghanistan on 
July 2.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Bush family home on Walker's Point in Kennebunkport, ME.