Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 31 (Monday, August 5, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 31 (Monday, August 5, 2002)]
[Pages 1297-1298]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 27

    In the very early morning, the President had telephone conversations 
with Members of Congress concerning trade promotion authority 
legislation.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Andrews Air Force 
Base, MD, where he played a round of golf with Republican House Members 
Michael G. Oxley, Dan Burton, and Tom DeLay.

July 28

    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
American cyclist Lance Armstrong to congratulate him on winning his 
fourth Tour de France earlier in the day.

July 29

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. He then 
traveled to Charleston, SC, where he participated in a roundtable 
discussion on welfare reform. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

July 30

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings.
    In an afternoon ceremony at the White House, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Levan Mikeladze of the Republic 
of Georgia; George Savvaides of Greece; Andrew Mhando Daraja of 
Tanzania; and Daniel Ayalon of Israel.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Askar Akayev of the Kyrgyz Republic at the White House on 
September 23.
    The President announced his intention to nominate D. Jeffrey 
Hirschberg to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
    The President announced his designation of Donna M. Erwin as Acting 
Special Trustee of the Office of the Special Trustee for American 
Indians at the Department of the Interior.

[[Page 1298]]

July 31

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and then met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with former 
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York City. Also in the afternoon, in 
the Cabinet Room, he met with a group of Republican Senators to discuss 
trade promotion authority legislation. Later, he met with another group 
of Republican Senators to discuss proposed homeland security 
legislation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy P. Jacklin 
to be U.S. Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund.

August 1

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and then met 
with the Homeland Security Council. Later, he dropped by a meeting 
between National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice and Foreign Minister 
Shimon Peres of Israel to discuss the situation in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President had a lunch meeting with Federal 
Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill to 
discuss the national economy. Later, in an Oval Office ceremony, the 
President signed H.R. 3487, the Nurse Reinvestment Act.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gordon Wadsworth 
Fassett as a Federal Commissioner and Chairman of the Red River Compact 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles W. Grim as 
Interim Director of the Indian Health Service at the Public Health 
Service.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Erneido Andres 
Oliva and John Phillip Reberger as members of the Board of Governors of 
the United Service Organizations, Inc.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
to represent the United States at the inauguration of President Gonzalo 
Sanchez de Lozada of Bolivia on August 6: John P. Walters (delegation 
leader), V. Manuel Rocha, Mark E. Souder, and Adolfo A. Franco.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
to represent the United States at the inauguration of President Alvaro 
Uribe of Colombia on August 7: Robert B. Zoellick (delegation leader), 
Anne Patterson, Mark E. Souder, John P. Walters, Paula Dobriansky, Otto 
J. Reich, Adolfo A. Franco, and John F. Maisto.

August 2

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with the U.S. 
men's World Cup soccer team.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Kennebunkport, ME.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome President Jiang Zemin of China and his wife, Wang Yeping, to the 
Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, on October 25.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Wayne Abernathy to 
be Assistant Secretary for Financial Institutions at the Department of 
the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph Huggins to 
be U.S. Ambassador to Botswana.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ruth Y. Goldway to 
be a Commissioner of the U.S. Postal Rate Commission.