Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 29 (Monday, July 22, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 29 (Monday, July 22, 2002)]
[Pages 1232-1233]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 14

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

July 15

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. He then 
traveled to Birmingham, AL, where he participated in a roundtable 
meeting with business leaders at the Alys Stephens Center at the 
University of Alabama-Birmingham.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka at the White House on July 
24.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Vaclav Havel of the Czech Republic to Washington, DC, on September 18.

July 16

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. He then met 
with Members of Congress to discuss proposed homeland security 
legislation.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Texas 
Supreme Court Justice Priscilla Owen, nominee to be U.S. Circuit Judge 
for the Fifth Circuit, and a bipartisan group of her supporters from 
Texas, including Senators Phil Gramm and Kay Bailey Hutchison and 
leaders of the Texas bar.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to the White House on August 1.
    The President announced his nomination of Antonio O. Garza, Jr., to 
be Ambassador to Mexico.

July 17

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with the National Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marion C. Blakey 
to be Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Pamela F. Olson to 
be Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy at the Department of the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger P. Nober to 
be a member of the Surface Transportation Board and, upon confirmation, 
to be designated Chairman.

July 18

    In the morning, the President traveled to Rochester, MI, with 
President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland. Later, they traveled to 
Troy, MI.
    In the afternoon, the two Presidents returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 1233]]

July 19

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings and then 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he traveled to Fort Drum, 
NY, where he viewed troop demonstrations and participated in a 
videoconference with Maj. Gen. Franklin L. ``Buster'' Hagenbeck, USA, 
commander, 10th Mountain Division and Fort Drum, and troops deployed 
with him in Afghanistan.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced that he has named Joseph O'Neill as Director 
of the Office of National AIDS Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Daniel Bartlett as 
Assistant to the President for Communications.
    The President announced that he has named Michael Gerson as 
Assistant to the President for Speechwriting and Policy Advisor.
    The President declared a major disaster in Wisconsin and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on June 21-25.