Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 19 (Monday, May 13, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 19 (Monday, May 13, 2002)]
[Pages 801-803]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 4

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President met with President 
Jose Maria Aznar of Spain. In the afternoon, he and Mrs. Bush returned 
to Washington, DC.

May 5

    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on April 28-May 3.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and landslides on May 2 and 
continuing.

May 6

    In the morning, the President traveled to Southfield, MI. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC. Later in the afternoon, he met 
with President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni of Uganda.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Preston 
Graves, John Roderick Davis, and Patrick Lloyd McCrory to be members of 
the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michele Ridge as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Student Loan Marketing 
Association.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Air Force 
Academy: Candace C. de Russy, John E. Kidde, Dionel E. Aviles, and James 
H. Harless.

[[Page 802]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Michigan and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by flooding on April 15 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on April 24-28.

May 7

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss progress on an agreement 
to reduce offensive nuclear weapons. He then had intelligence and FBI 
briefings. Also in the morning, he had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss Middle East peace efforts.
    In the afternoon, the President met in the Oval Office with Prime 
Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba of Nepal to discuss U.S. support for 
democracy in Nepal, regional security issues, and economic and 
educational cooperation. Also in the afternoon, the President had a 
telephone conversation with Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to 
discuss Middle East peace efforts.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
to represent the United States at the inauguration of President Abel 
Pacheco de La Espriella of Costa Rica on May 8: Ann M. Veneman, who will 
lead the delegation; John Danilovich; Otto J. Reich; Roger F. Noriega; 
Elton Bomer; Mark Langdale; Joseph O'Neill; and H. Douglas Barclay.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Bruce Matthews 
and John Edward Mansfield to be members of the Defense Nuclear 
Facilities Safety Board.
    The President announced his nomination of James Howard Yellen to be 
Ambassador to Burundi.
    The President announced his nomination of John R. Dawson to be 
Ambassador to Peru.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on April 27 and 
continuing.

May 8

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then traveled to Milwaukee, WI, where he went to Clarke Elementary 
School and visited with students in Carolyn Davis' and Pat Steelman's 
second and third grade classes. In the afternoon, he traveled to La 
Crosse, WI, and later returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ben S. Bernanke 
and Donald L. Kohn to be members of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frederick D. 
Gregory to be Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration.

May 9

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa to express his thanks for 
President Mbeki's leadership in efforts to resolve the political 
situation in the Congo. He then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    The President announced the laureates of the 2001 National Medals of 
Science and National Medals of Technology.

May 10

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then traveled to Columbus, OH. In the afternoon, he traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert J. Battista 
and Peter Schaumber to be members of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter J. Hurtgen 
to be Director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas L. Flory 
to be a member of the Farm Credit Administration Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gene B. Christy to 
be Ambassador to Brunei.

[[Page 803]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Barbara Calandra 
Moore to be Ambassador to Nicaragua.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kristie A. Kenney 
to be Ambassador to Ecuador.
    The President announced his intention to appoint LaSalle Doheny 
Leffall, Jr., as a member and Chair and Lance Edward Armstrong as a 
member of the President's Cancer Panel.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dennis Schornack to 
be a Commissioner of the International Boundary Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council: Tom 
Bernstein, Joel Geiderman, Alice Kelikian, Mervin G. Morris, Alvin H. 
Rosenfeld, Ronald Steinhart, Mickey Shapiro, Sheldon G. Adelson, Nechama 
Tec, Sonia Weitz, and Aldona Zofia Wos.