Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 4 (Monday, January 28, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 4 (Monday, January 28, 2002)]
[Pages 121-122]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 20

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned from Camp 
David, MD, to Washington, DC.

January 21

    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vicente Fox of Mexico.

January 22

    In the morning, the President traveled to Charleston, WV, and in the 
afternoon, he traveled to Belle, WV. Later, he returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Helen Clark of New Zealand to the White House for a meeting on 
bilateral and international issues on March 26.
    The President signed the recess appointment of Michael J. Bartlett 
to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President signed the recess appointment of William B. Cowen to 
be a member of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President signed the recess appointment of Cynthia A. Glassman 
to be a Commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    The President signed the recess appointment of Isaac C. Hunt, Jr., 
to be a Commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    The President signed the recess appointment of JoAnn Johnson to be a 
member of the Board of the National Credit Union Administration.
    The President signed the recess appointment of Deborah Matz to be a 
member of the Board of the National Credit Union Administration.

January 23

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with bipartisan 
House and Senate leaders concerning the upcoming agenda for the year and 
domestic issues. Then, he met with Members of Congress concerning 
military issues.

[[Page 122]]

    In the afternoon, the President met with members of the House 
Intelligence Committee who recently visited the Middle East.

January 24

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings and met 
with the Homeland Security Council and also with the National Security 
Council. Later, in an Oval Office ceremony, he signed legislation to 
name the national cemetery in Saratoga, NY, for the late former 
Congressman Gerald Solomon.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney and then met with his Cabinet.
    In the evening, the President attended a dinner at Secretary of 
Defense Donald Rumsfeld's home with Vice President Dick Cheney.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to Washington, DC, for a meeting and working 
breakfast on February 1.
    The White House announced that the President welcomes the official 
working visit of President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to Washington, 
DC, on February 13.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on December 15, 2001, and 
continuing.

January 25

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he traveled to Portland, ME.
    In the afternoon, he traveled to Camp David, MD, where he was joined 
by Republican congressional leaders for a retreat to discuss the 
upcoming congressional agenda. In the evening, the group watched the 
movie ``Black Hawk Down.''
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Monroe 
Miles to be Ambassador to the Republic of Georgia.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
to represent the United States at the inauguration of President Ricardo 
Maduro Joest of Honduras on January 27: Gale Norton, who will lead the 
delegation; Frank Almaguer; Otto Reich; William P. ``Scott'' Bush; 
Perfecto Rivera; and Jack Vaughan, Jr.