Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 32 (Monday, August 12, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 32 (Monday, August 12, 2002)]
[Pages 1332-1333]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 3

    In the afternoon, the President traveled from the Bush family home 
on Walker's Point in Kennebunkport, ME, to Prout's Neck, ME. Later, he 
returned to Kennebunkport.

August 5

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to Pittsburgh, PA, where, upon his arrival at 
Pittsburgh International Airport, he met with volunteers from the 
Jumpstart tutoring program. He then traveled to Green Tree, PA, where, 
at the Green Tree Volunteer Fire Department, he met privately with nine 
coal miners rescued from a flooded mine in Somerset, PA, on July 28, and 
members of their families. Later, he returned to Pittsburgh.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the White House, he met with the National Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Maura Ann Harty to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael Gibson and 
Leon Owens as members of the Advisory Board on Radiation and Worker 
Health.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Brown v. Board of Education 50th 
Anniversary Commission: Charles Henry Toliver IV; Daniel Dale Holt; 
Joseph Armstrong DeLaine, Jr.; Lacy Bennett Ward, Jr.; Haywood Patrick 
Swygert; Littleton Purnell Mitchell; Jesse Milan, Sr.; Josephine Angela 
Robertson; Carolyn Nichelle Sawyer; and Benjamin William Robertson.

August 6

    In the morning, the President traveled to Bethesda, MD, where he had 
his annual physical examination at Bethesda National Naval Medical 
Center. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had intelligence 
briefings. He also had a telephone conversation with President Jorge 
Batlle of

[[Page 1333]]

Uruguay to express support for economic recovery efforts in Uruguay.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Thomas Dorr as 
Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Development.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Thomas Dorr as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Commodity Credit Corporation.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Cheryl Halpern as 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public 
Broadcasting.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Suzanne Marshall 
as Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
    The President announced the recess appointment of William Scott 
Railton as a member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review 
Commission.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Al Casey as a 
member of the U.S. Postal Service Board of Governors.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Tony Hammond as a 
member of the Postal Rate Commission.

August 7

    In the morning, the President traveled to Jackson, MS. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had intelligence briefings. Upon his 
arrival in Jackson, he met with 18-year-old Star Wallin, founder of the 
Project CARE volunteer organization. He then traveled to Madison, MS, 
where he participated in a roundtable discussion in the art lab at 
Madison Central High School on the national economy, medical liability, 
protecting workers' pensions, and other issues. Later, he returned to 
Jackson.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President declared a major disaster in the Northern Mariana 
Islands and ordered Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local 
recovery efforts in the area struck by Typhoon Chata'an on July 4-5.

August 9

    In the morning, the President had a videoconference with national 
security advisers. Later, he had telephone conversations with economic 
advisers.
    The President announced his intention to designate Julie Nixon 
Eisenhower as Chairman of the President's Commission on White House 
Fellowships.
    The President announced his intention to designate Vance D. Coffman 
as Chairman of the President's National Security Telecommunications 
Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to designate F. Duane Ackerman 
as Vice Chairman of the President's National Security Telecommunications 
Advisory Committee.