Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 23 (Monday, June 10, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 23 (Monday, June 10, 2002)]
[Pages 972-973]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 1

    In the morning, the President traveled from Camp David, MD, to West 
Point, NY, and later, he returned to Camp David.

June 2

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

June 3

    In the morning, the President traveled to Little Rock, AR, where he 
met with AmeriCorps*VISTA volunteer Brenda Ross. In the afternoon, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to the White House on June 10 to discuss 
the situation in the Middle East and to review key bilateral issues.

June 4

    In the morning, the President traveled to Fort Meade, MD, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC. Later, he met with bipartisan 
Members of the Senate to discuss welfare reauthorization.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard L. 
Baltimore III to be Ambassador to Oman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gail Dennise 
Thomas Mathieu to be Ambassador to Niger.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald C. Johnson 
to be Ambassador to Cape Verde.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jimmy Kolker to be 
Ambassador to Uganda.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Martin George 
Brennan to be Ambassador to Zambia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Vicki Huddleston 
to be Ambassador to Mali.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul William 
Speltz to be U.S. Director of the Asian Development Bank, with the rank 
of Ambassador.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Carolyn W. Merritt 
to be Chairperson and member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard 
Investigation Board.

June 5

    In the morning, the President met with Senators Joseph R. Biden, 
Jr., and Richard G. Lugar to discuss the President's recent visit to 
Europe and urge them to bring the Treaty of Moscow to a vote for 
ratification by the Senate. Also in the morning, the President met with 
Lt. Gen. Daniel James III, USAFR, Director of the Air National Guard.

    During the day, the President had telephone conversations with 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan and Prime Minister Atal Bihari 
Vajpayee of India to urge them to take steps that will ease tensions in 
the region and reduce the risk of war.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Klosson to 
be Ambassador to Cyprus.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Larry Leon Palmer 
to be Ambassador to Honduras.

    The President announced his intention to nominate James Irvin 
Gadsden to be Ambassador to Iceland.

    The President announced his intention to nominate John Randle 
Hamilton to be Ambassador to Guatemala.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Randolph Bell for 
the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as Special Envoy for Holocaust 
Issues.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Deborah Doyle 
McWhinney to be a Director on the Board of Directors for the Securities 
Investor Protection Corporation (securities industry representative).

[[Page 973]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate William H. 
Campbell to be Assistant Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs 
for Management.

June 6

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. He then met 
with the Homeland Security Council. Later, in the Oval Office, he met 
with Prime Minister Ivica Racan of Croatia.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the India-Pakistan 
situation, nonproliferation cooperation, and other issues.

June 7

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with President 
Rudolf Schuster of Slovakia. Later, he had a telephone conversation with 
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines concerning the 
death of Martin Burnham, an American missionary who had been held 
hostage in the Philippines by the Abu Sayyaf terrorist group and was 
killed earlier in the day during a rescue attempt. The President also 
had a telephone conversation with Mr. Burnham's parents, Paul and Oreta 
Burnham, to express his condolences. Later, he traveled to Des Moines, 
IA, where he met with eighth-grader Annie Wignall, who founded the Care 
Bags Foundation to aid children who are victims of abuse or neglect.
    In the afternoon, he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    In the evening, the President hosted a dinner for President Hosni 
Mubarak of Egypt.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles Aaron Ray 
to be Ambassador to Cambodia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's New Freedom Commission on 
Mental Health: Stephen Wright Mayberg, Nancy Carter Speck, Larke Nahme 
Huang, and Norwood Wilbert Knight-Richardson.