Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 37 (Monday, September 16, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 37 (Monday, September 16, 2002)]
[Pages 1538-1539]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 8

    During the day, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

September 9

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he had separate telephone conversations with President Ahmet 
Necdet Sezer of Turkey, U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, and Prime 
Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark, in his capacity as President 
of the European Union, to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Detroit, MI, where 
he met with Prime Minister Jean Chretien of Canada. He then toured the 
U.S. Customs cargo inspection facility next to the Ambassador Bridge.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with NATO Secretary General Lord Robertson, President Hosni Mubarak of 
Egypt, and Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to discuss the 
situation in Iraq.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the Concert for 
America at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.

September 10

    In the morning, the President met with the National Security Council 
and had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later, the President had separate telephone conversations with 
President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain, President Alvaro Uribe of Colombia, 
and President Vicente Fox of Mexico to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the Embassy of Afghanistan 
where he participated in a roundtable discussion with Arab and Muslim 
American leaders.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to Camp David, MD, on September 14.

[[Page 1539]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate James M. Stephens 
to be a member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes on June 8-August 11.
    The President declared a major disaster in Wisconsin and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on September 2.

September 11

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
private service at St. John's Episcopal Church. Later, on the South Lawn 
of the White House, they participated in a moment of silence to mark the 
anniversary of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. The 
President and Mrs. Bush then traveled to the Pentagon in Arlington, VA, 
where they participated in an observance commemorating the terrorist 
attacks. Following the observance, they traveled to Shanksville, PA.
    In the afternoon, in Shanksville, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a wreath laying ceremony for victims of the September 
11, 2001, plane crash at the site of the crash.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to New York City, 
where he participated in a wreath laying ceremony at the site of the 
September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center.

September 12

    In the morning, at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City, 
the President had separate meetings with Secretary-General Kofi Annan 
and General Assembly President Jan Kavan of the United Nations.
    In the afternoon, at the United Nations Headquarters, the President 
had separate meetings with Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India, 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan, and Prime Minister Junichiro 
Koizumi of Japan.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Xanana Gusmao of East Timor to the White House on October 2.

September 13

    In the morning, at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York City, the 
President met with President Joseph Kabila of the Democratic Republic of 
the Congo, President Paul Kagame of Rwanda, and President Thabo Mbeki of 
South Africa.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter DeShazo for 
the rank of Ambassador during his service as Deputy Permanent U.S. 
Representative to the Permanent Mission to the Organization of American 
States and U.S. Representative to the Inter-American Council for 
Integral Development.
    The President announced his intention to designate David Barrett 
Cohen as U.S. Special Representative to the Northern Mariana Islands.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas G. Bowman 
as Acting Assistant Secretary for Public and Intergovernmental Affairs 
at the Department of Veterans Affairs.