Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 3 (Monday, January 21, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 3 (Monday, January 21, 2002)]
[Pages 89-90]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 13

    In the morning, from the Oval Office, the President had separate 
telephone conversations with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan and 
with Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India, to discuss the 
situation in South Asia.

January 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to East Moline, IL. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with 
President Bashar al-Asad of Syria. He also had a telephone conversation 
with Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to discuss cooperation 
against terrorism and peace efforts in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Springfield, MO, and 
Aurora, MO. In the evening, he traveled to New Orleans, LA.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jack C. Chow for 
the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as Special Representative of 
the Secretary of State for HIV/AIDS.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margaret Goldwater 
Clay, Michael Goldstein, and John Henry Winston to be members of the 
Board of Trustees for the Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in 
Education Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Andrew Saul to be 
a member and Chair upon confirmation, and Gordon Whiting and Alejandro 
Modesto Sanchez to be members of the Federal Retirement Thrift 
Investment Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Institute for Literacy 
Advisory Board: Carol C. Gambill, Douglas Carnine, Carmel Borders, 
Blanca E. Enriquez, Jean Osborn, Phyllis C. Hunter, Mark G. Yudof, Juan 
R. Olivarez, William T. Hiller, and Robin Morris.

January 15

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.

January 16

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and then met 
with the National Security Council.
    The President named the following individuals to serve on the 
President's Council on Bioethics: Leon R. Kass, Chair; Elizabeth 
Blackburn; Stephen Carter; Rebecca Dresser; Daniel Foster; Francis 
Fukuyama; Michael Gazzaniga; Robert P. George; Alfonso Gomez-Lobo; Mary 
Ann Glendon; William B. Hurlbut; Charles Krauthammer; William F. May; 
Paul McHugh; Gilbert Meilaender; Janet D. Rowley; Michael J. Sandel; and 
James Q. Wilson.

January 17

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom concerning cooperation 
against terrorism and the situation in South Asia. He then had CIA and 
FBI briefings and met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with President Valdas Adamkus of Lithuania in the 
Oval Office, and then participated in a Partners in 4-H Awards ceremony 
in the Roosevelt Room.
    In the evening, the President hosted a cocktail reception in the 
Residence for Republican Congressmen.
    During the day, the President participated in the filming of the 
television productions ``The Bush White House: Inside the Real West 
Wing,'' which will air on NBC on January 23, and ``Inside the White 
House,'' which will air on the Discovery Channel on January 25.

[[Page 90]]

    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jorge Batlle of Uruguay to Washington, DC, on February 15.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Chairman 
Hamid Karzai of the Interim Authority of Afghanistan to Washington, DC, 
on January 28.

January 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Eduardo Alberto Duhalde of Argentina to discuss the economic 
situation in Argentina. He also had CIA and FBI briefings and met with 
the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met in the Roosevelt Room with 
members of the President's Commission to Strengthen Social Security to 
thank them for their efforts in the past year. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President welcomes the visit of 
Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of Germany to Washington, DC, on January 
31.
    The White House announced that the President announced that the 
White House will once again be open to tours, beginning on a limited 
basis in early February, for school groups.