Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 39 (Monday, September 30, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 39 (Monday, September 30, 2002)]
[Pages 1635-1636]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 22

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC. Later, he hosted a tee-ball game on the South Lawn of 
the White House.

September 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Trenton, NJ.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Askar Akayev of Kyrgyzstan.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robin Jennison as 
U.S. Representative and Chairman of the Arkansas River Compact 
Administration (Colorado and Kansas).
    The President announced his intention to appoint George Butvilas and 
Richard Ochsner as members of the National Veteran Business Development 
Corporation.

September 24

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. Later, in 
an Oval Office ceremony, he signed H.R. 3917, the Flight 93 National 
Memorial Act.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President participated 
in a meeting with National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice and a group 
of women government officials from Afghanistan who were in Washington, 
DC, to attend a U.S.-Afghan Women's Council training program.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Zoraida Fonalledas 
as a member of the President's Committee on Mental Retardation.

September 25

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Kim Dae-jung of South Korea to discuss security issues between 
North and South Korea and the situation in Iraq. Later, he had 
intelligence and FBI briefings and then met with the National Security 
Council.
    Also in the morning, the President met with Secretary of Health and 
Human Services Tommy G. Thompson and Mark B. McClellan, nominee to be 
Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Members of Congress to 
discuss energy legislation. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with 
members of the Boys and Girls Club of America Youth of the Year 
finalists.
    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
received diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Karim Tawfiq Kawar of 
Jordan, Franciskus van Daele of Belgium, Alpha Oumar Rafiou Barry of 
Guinea, Essa Bokarr Sey of Gambia, Ashraf Jehangir Qazi of Pakistan, 
Hugo Guiliani Cury of the Dominican Republic, Noel Fahey of Ireland, and 
Andras Simonyi of Hungary.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark B. McClellan 
to be Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration.

[[Page 1636]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on September 20.

September 26

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. He then 
met with the board of directors of the Newspaper Association of America. 
Later, he participated in a swearing-in ceremony for Lex Frieden as 
Chairman of the National Council on Disability.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Houston, TX, and in the 
evening, he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
Tropical Storm Fay on September 6 and continuing.

September 27

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. Later, he 
traveled to Denver, CO. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a 
telephone conversation with President Jacques Chirac of France to 
express appreciation for French assistance in rescuing American students 
in the Ivory Coast and to discuss the status of a United Nations 
resolution concerning Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Alec Poitevint as 
Federal Commissioner of the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin 
Compact Commission and Alternate Federal Commissioner of the Alabama-
Coosa-Tallapoosa Basin Compact Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Drayton Nabers as 
Federal Commissioner of the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa Basin Compact 
Commission and Alternate Federal Commissioner of the Apalachicola-
Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin Compact Commission.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Isidore beginning on September 21 and 
continuing.