Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 26 (Monday, July 1, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 26 (Monday, July 1, 2002)]
[Pages 1107-1108]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted June 25

 Richard H. Carmona,

 of Arizona, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public 
Health Service, subject to qualifications therefor as provided by law 
and regulations, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service 
for a term of 4 years, vice David Satcher, term expired.

 Michelle Guillermin,

 of Maryland, to be Chief Financial Officer, Corporation for National 
and Community Service, vice Anthony Musick.

 David L. Lyon,

 of California, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Fiji, and to serve 
concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador 
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the 
Republic of Nauru, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Kingdom of Tonga,

[[Page 1108]]

and Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of 
America to Tuvalu.

 Nancy J. Powell,

 of Iowa, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
 Submitted June 26

 Richard A. Griffin,

 of Michigan, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, vice Damon 
J. Keith, retired.

 Daniel L. Hovland,

 of North Dakota, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of North 
Dakota, vice Patrick A. Conmy, retired.

 Thomas W. Phillips,

 of Tennessee, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Tennessee, vice James H. Jarvis II, retired.

 Linda R. Reade,

 of Iowa, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, 
vice Michael J. Melloy, elevated.