Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 2 (Monday, January 14, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 2 (Monday, January 14, 2002)]
[Pages 54-55]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 5

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings. Also in the morning, he traveled to Ontario, CA. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had separate telephone conversations with 
President Vicente Fox of Mexico and President Jorge Batlle of Uruguay to 
discuss the situation in Argentina.
    In the afternoon, he traveled to Portland, OR, and later returned to 
the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

January 7

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced the recess appointment of John Magaw to be 
Under Secretary of Transportation for Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anthony Lowe to be 
Administrator of the Federal Insurance Administration at the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency.
    The President announced his intention to designate Under Secretary 
of Commerce for International Trade Grant D. Aldonas, Deputy Secretary 
of Labor Donald C. Findlay, and Under Secretary of the Treasury for 
International Affairs John B. Taylor as members of the Board of the 
Overseas Private Investment Corporation.

January 8

    In the morning, the President traveled to Hamilton, OH. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to Durham, NH, and later to Boston, MA. In the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 55]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate David O'Brien 
Martin to be a Commissioner of the International Joint Commission--
United States and Canada.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert George Hayes 
as a Commissioner of the International Commission for the Conservation 
of Atlantic Tunas, as the Sport Fishing Representative.

January 9

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings, and then 
met with the National Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Walter Lukken to 
be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate the following 
individuals to represent the United States at the inauguration of 
President Enrique Bolanos Geyer of Nicaragua on January 10: Mel 
Martinez, Oliver Garza, John Maisto, Lino Gutierrez, Janet Ballantyne, 
George Prescott Bush, James C. Kenny, Earle Irving Mack, Anna Navarro, 
Raul Romero, and Evelyn Dee Potter Rose.

January 10

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings and a 
telephone conversation with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss 
the situation in the Middle East and cooperation against terrorism. 
Later, he dropped by a meeting between National Security Adviser 
Condoleezza Rice and Minister of Home Affairs Lal Krishna Advani of 
India to discuss the situation in South Asia.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Arlington, VA, and later 
returned to Washington, DC.

January 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Conshohocken, PA, and 
later returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Leszek 
Miller of Poland in the Oval Office.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Moline, 
IL, Aurora, MO, and New Orleans, LA, on January 14-15 to discuss job 
creation, trade, and economic security.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Japan, 
South Korea, and China on February 16-22 to discuss cooperation against 
terrorism, economic recovery, the strengthening of our alliances in the 
region, and other areas of mutual interest.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Eugene Scalia as 
Solicitor of the Department of Labor.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Otto J. Reich as 
Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald S. Prophete 
to be General Counsel of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Federal Service Impasses Panel: Becky 
Norton Dunlop, Chairperson; Richard Barber Ainsworth; Andrea Fischer 
Newman; and Joseph Carter Whitaker.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Thomas Casey, 
Christopher B. Galvin, and Edward Earl Whitacre, Jr., as members of the 
President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts: Lois Betts, Bo Derek, David Girard-
diCarlo, Anne Sewell Johnson, Kathleen Robinson Koll, and Catherine Ann 
Stevens.