Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 6 (Monday, February 11, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 6 (Monday, February 11, 2002)]
[Pages 202-204]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 2

    The President returned from Camp David, MD, to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that on February 1 the President declared 
a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered Federal aid to supplement State 
and local recovery efforts in the area struck by a severe winter ice 
storm on January 30 and continuing.

February 4

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings and then 
met with Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov of Russia in the Oval Office.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Eglin Air Force Base 
in Fort Walton

[[Page 203]]

Beach, FL. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone 
conversation with New England Patriots owner Bob Kraft to congratulate 
the team on their February 3 Super Bowl victory.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in an Oval Office ceremony, he signed the Economic Report of the 
President, an annual report produced by the Council of Economic 
Advisers.
    The White House announced that the President welcomes the visit of 
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to Washington, DC, on February 6-
7.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jose Eduardo dos Santos of Angola, President Joaquim Alberto Chissano of 
Mozambique, and President Festus Gontebanye Mogae of Botswana to the 
White House on February 26.

February 5

    In the morning, the President traveled to Pittsburgh, PA. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.

February 6

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. Later, in 
an Oval Office ceremony, he signed H.R. 400 establishing Ronald Reagan's 
boyhood home as a National Historic Site.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to New York City. In 
the afternoon, he met with Edward Cardinal Egan, Archbishop of New York. 
Later, he attended a fundraiser at the private residence of Mayor 
Michael Bloomberg of New York City. In the evening, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his nomination of Adm. Thomas H. Collins, 
USCG, to be Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard.

February 7

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with the Homeland Security Council.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Lima, 
Peru, on March 23 and to San Salvador, El Salvador, on March 24.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James W. Pardew to 
be Ambassador to Bulgaria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susanne T. 
Marshall to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, and, 
until confirmation, to designate her as Vice Chairman.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter ice storm on January 29 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter ice storm on January 29 and continuing.

February 8

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Denver, CO.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Salt Lake 
City, UT, where they met with Gov. Michael O. Leavitt of Utah and his 
wife, Jacalyn S., in the Utah State Capitol, and then attended a 
reception in the Capitol Rotunda. Later, the President met with 
President Gordon B. Hinckley of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints in President Hinckley's offices at the Church Administration 
Building, and then met with U.S. Olympic athletes in the HPER Complex at 
the University of Utah.
    In the evening, the President participated in opening ceremonies for 
the XIX Olympic winter games at Rice-Eccles Olympic Stadium. Later, he 
and Mrs. Bush traveled to Jackson Hole, WY.
    The President announced that the following individuals will serve as 
members of the Presidential delegation to the XIX Olympic winter games: 
Dorothy Koch; Lance Armstrong; Hayden Fry; Johnny Morris; Cal Ripken, 
Jr.; Sheryl Swoopes; Darrell Waltrip; Colin Powell; Mel R. Martinez; 
Gale A. Norton; Tommy Thompson; Ann M. Veneman; and Christine Todd 
Whitman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonathan Steven 
Adelstein to be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.

[[Page 204]]