Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 41 (Monday, October 14, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 41 (Monday, October 14, 2002)]
[Pages 1739-1740]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 7606--Columbus Day, 2002

 October 9, 2002

 By the President of the United States

 of America

 A Proclamation

    In August 1492, Christopher Columbus sailed from Palos, Spain, 
embarking on a westward voyage and intending to establish a new trade 
route from Spain to the Far East. With three ships and a crew of 
approximately 100 men, he journeyed across the Atlantic Ocean. Instead 
of finding a new route to the Indies, Columbus discovered the Bahama 
Islands. Today, more than five centuries later, Americans continue to 
celebrate Columbus' bold expedition and recognize his pioneering 
achievements as an enduring symbol of imagination, courage, and 
perseverance.

[[Page 1740]]

    Columbus brought European settlers to North America and helped 
establish a new era of world exploration during his four journeys to the 
``New World.'' In the years following his voyage of discovery, others 
such as John Cabot, Vasco da Gama, and Ferdinand Magellan followed 
Columbus' example to explore and discover new lands, peoples, and 
cultures.
    Today, Columbus' spirit of innovation and discovery flourishes in 
America as we seek to advance knowledge and ensure prosperity and hope 
for all people. We challenge our young men and women particularly to 
reach for all their dreams as the great explorers of the past did.
    In commemoration of Columbus' remarkable journey 510 years ago, the 
Congress, by joint resolution of April 30, 1934, and modified in 1968 
(36 U.S.C. 107), as amended, has requested that the President proclaim 
the second Monday of October of each year as ``Columbus Day.''
     Now, Therefore, I, George W. Bush, President of the United States 
of America, do hereby proclaim October 14, 2002, as Columbus Day. I call 
upon the people of the United States to observe this day with 
appropriate ceremonies and activities. I also direct that the flag of 
the United States be displayed on all public buildings on the appointed 
day in honor of Christopher Columbus.
     In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this ninth day of 
October, in the year of our Lord two thousand two, and of the 
Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and twenty-
seventh.
                                                George W. Bush

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., October 11, 
2002]

Note: This proclamation was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on October 10, and it was published in the Federal Register on 
October 15.