Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 19 (Monday, May 13, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 19 (Monday, May 13, 2002)]
[Pages 803-804]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted May 6

 John Roderick Davis,

 of Alabama, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S 
Truman Scholarship Foundation for a term expiring December 10, 2005, 
vice E. Gordon Gee, term expired.

 John R. Dawson,

 of the District of Columbia, a career member of the Senior Foreign 
Service, class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Peru.

 Steven D. Deatherage,

 of Illinois, to be U.S. Marshal for the Central District of Illinois 
for the term of 4 years, vice Robert Moore, term expired.

 Mark W. Everson,

 of Texas, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management 
and Budget, vice Sally Katzen.

 William Preston Graves,

 of Kansas, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S 
Truman Scholarship Foundation for the remainder of the term expiring 
December 10, 2005, vice Mel Carnahan.

 Patrick Lloyd McCrory,

 of North Carolina, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry 
S Truman Scholarship Foundation for a term expiring December 10, 2005, 
vice Richard C. Hackett, term expired.

 Gregory Robert Miller,

 of Florida, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Florida 
for the term of 4 years, vice Patrick Michael Patterson, resigned.

 James Howard Yellen,

 of Pennsylvania, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Burundi.
 Submitted May 8

 Anthony Dichio,

 of Massachusetts, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Massachusetts 
for the term of 4 years, vice Nancy J. McGillivray-Shaffer, term 
expired.

 David McQueen Laney,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Reform Board (Amtrak) for a term of 5 
years, vice Tommy G. Thompson, resigned.

 John Edward Mansfield,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety 
Board for a term expiring October 18, 2006 (reappointment).

[[Page 804]]

 R. Bruce Matthews,

 of New Mexico, to be a member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety 
Board for a term expiring October 18, 2005, vice Joseph DiNunno, 
resigned.
 Withdrawn May 8

 Jose Gerardo Troncoso,

 of Nevada, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Nevada for the term 
of 4 years (reappointment), which was sent to the Senate on April 16, 
2002.