Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 47 (Monday, November 25, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 47 (Monday, November 25, 2002)]
[Pages 2046-2047]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders Transmitting a Report on the 
Contributions of European Nations and Organizations to the Peacekeeping 
Operations in Kosovo

November 15, 2002

Dear __________ :

    As required by the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization 
Act, Public Law 106-398, section 1213, I transmit herewith a report on 
the contributions of European nations and organizations to the 
peacekeeping operations in Kosovo.
    This report, prepared by the Department of State, concludes that the 
Europeans have carried a significant portion of the aid-sharing burden 
in the region and that their commitment to reconstruction, humanitarian 
relief, and institution and peace-building has been a strong one. 
Continued attention and commitments of assistance from all donors remain 
crucial for medium- and long-term development in Kosovo.
     Sincerely,
                                                George W. Bush

Note: Identical letters were sent to Joseph R. Biden, Jr., chairman, and 
Jesse Helms, ranking member, Senate Committee on Foreign Relations; 
Robert C. Byrd, chairman, and Ted Stevens, ranking member, Senate 
Committee on Appropriations; Carl Levin, chairman, and John. W. Warner, 
ranking member, Senate Committee on Armed Services; Henry J. Hyde, 
chairman, and Tom Lantos, ranking member, House Committee on 
International Relations; C.W. Bill Young, chairman, and David R. Obey, 
ranking member, House Committee on Appropriations; and Bob

[[Page 2047]]

Stump, chairman, and Ike Skelton, ranking member, House Committee on 
Armed Services. This letter was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on November 18.