Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 7 (Monday, February 18, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 7 (Monday, February 18, 2002)]
[Pages 240-241]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations

[[Page 241]]

to the Service Academies, or nominations of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted February 11

 John B. Brown III,

 of Texas, to be Deputy Administrator of Drug Enforcement, vice Julio F. 
Mercado, resigned.

 Eric F. Melgren,

 of Kansas, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Kansas for the term 
of 4 years, vice Randall K. Rathbun, resigned.

 James W. Pardew,

 of Arkansas, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Bulgaria.

 Leslie Silverman,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission for the remainder of the term expiring July 1, 2003, vice Ida 
L. Castro, resigned.

 Sally Stroup,

 of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education, 
Department of Education, vice A. Lee Fritschler, resigned.
 Submitted February 15

 Don V. Cogman,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for 
a term expiring September 3, 2006, vice Patrick Davidson, term expired.

 Katharine DeWitt,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a term 
expiring September 3, 2006, vice William P. Foster, resigned.

 Gregory Allyn Forest,

 of North Carolina, to be U.S. Marshal for the Western District of North 
Carolina for the term of 4 years, vice Walter Baker Edmisten, term 
expired.

 David Gelernter,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for 
a term expiring September 3, 2006, vice Hsin-Ming Fung.

 Amy Apfel Kass,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2004, vice Mary D. Hubbard.

 Andrew Ladis,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Vicki L. Ruiz.

 Wright L. Lassiter, Jr.,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Nina M. Archabal.

 Teresa Lozano Long,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a term 
expiring September 3, 2006, vice Terry Evans, term expired.

 Maribeth McGinley,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a 
term expiring September 3, 2006, vice Ronnie Feuerstein Heyman, term 
expired.

 Richard Monroe Miles,

 of South Carolina, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Georgia.

 James R. Stoner, Jr.,

 of Louisiana, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Betty G. Bengtson.

 Peter Terpeluk, Jr.,

 of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to Luxembourg.