Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 51 (Monday, December 23, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 51 (Monday, December 23, 2002)]
[Pages 2182-2183]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 14

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had intelligence 
briefings.

December 15

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. In the 
evening, at the National Building Museum, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in the taping of the annual ``Christmas in Washington'' 
concert for television broadcast on TNT at 8 p.m.

December 16

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, in the Oval Office, he met with Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah of 
Brunei.
    In the afternoon, at the Ronald Reagan Building and International 
Trade Center, the President made remarks to Cabinet and sub-Cabinet 
officials to thank them for their service.
    During the day, the President met with House leaders to discuss 
proposed legislation concerning prescription drugs for seniors.

December 17

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then met with Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert 
to discuss the legislative agenda for the upcoming session of Congress. 
Later, in the Oval Office, he met with President Vladimir Voronin of 
Moldova.

December 18

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, in the Oval Office, he 
met with Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy G. Thompson and Food 
and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark B. McClellan to discuss FDA

[[Page 2183]]

initiatives to promote scientifically based information for consumers on 
foods and dietary supplements.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with President Jose Maria 
Aznar of Spain, following their meeting in the Oval Office.
    The President announced the appointment of David Hobbs as Assistant 
to the President for Legislative Affairs and Ziad Ojakli as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Principal Deputy for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janet Hale to be 
Under Secretary for Management at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Clark Kent Ervin 
to be Inspector General at the Department of Homeland Security.

December 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss peace efforts in the Middle 
East. He then had CIA and FBI briefings and met with the National 
Security Council.

December 20

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to congratulate him on his 
December 19 electoral victory. He then had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the National Security Council.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Senator Trent Lott to discuss Senator Lott's announcement earlier in the 
day that he will not seek the Senate majority leader's position when 
Congress re-convenes on January 6, 2003.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.