Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 28 (Monday, July 15, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 28 (Monday, July 15, 2002)]
[Pages 1186-1187]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 6

    The President declared a major disaster in Guam and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement Territory and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Typhoon Chata'an on July 5-6.

July 8

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC, from the Bush family home on Walker's Point in Kennebunkport, ME.
    The President announced his intention to designate Linton F. Brooks 
as Acting Under Secretary for Nuclear Security and Acting Administrator 
for the National Nuclear Security Administration at the Department of 
Energy.

July 9

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia and Prime Minister Ariel 
Sharon of Israel to discuss peace efforts in the Middle East. Later, he 
traveled to New York City.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he met with Archbishop Demetrios, Primate of the Greek Orthodox Church 
of America, and other Orthodox leaders.

July 10

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Speaker 
of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority 
Leader Tom Daschle, Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott, and House 
Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt to discuss the congressional agenda. 
Later, he had CIA and FBI briefings and then met with the National 
Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met with former Coast Guard 
officials to discuss proposed homeland security legislation. Later, in 
the Cabinet Room, the President met with House and Senate Republican 
leaders to discuss the congressional agenda. He then met with recipients 
of the National Outstanding Young Farmer Awards.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Wendy Jean 
Chamberlin to be Assistant Administrator for Asia and the Near East at 
the U.S. Agency for International Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. 
Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy 
Foundation: Malcolm B. Bowekaty, Robert Boldrey, Herbert Guenther, 
Richard Narcia, and Bradley Udall.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Healing to 
be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board (safety 
engineering representative).

July 11

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and King Abdullah II of Jordan to 
discuss developments in the Middle East and upcoming ministerial 
meetings.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Minneapolis, MN, 
where he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Pearl Lam Bergad. Then, at 
the University of Minnesota Medical School, he participated in a 
roundtable discussion on prescription drugs and medical innovation.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John M. Reich to 
be Vice Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members

[[Page 1187]]

of the Board for International Food and Agriculture Development: Michael 
Deegan; Stuart Iverson, Jr.; Anthony Laos; William DeLauder; Carol 
Lewis; and Sharron Quisenberry.
    The President declared a major disaster in Micronesia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement national and State recovery efforts in the 
area struck by Tropical Storm Chata'an, including flooding, mudslides, 
and landslides, on July 2-4.

July 12

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met with the newly established 
Corporate Fraud Task Force. Later, he traveled to Camp Greentop, MD, a 
residential camp for disabled children and adults, where he toured 
facilities and participated in camp activities. He then traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on Disability: Glenn 
Bernard Anderson, Marco A. Rodriguez, Milton Aponte, Linda Wetters, Joel 
Kahn, and David John Wenzel.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on June 5-13.