Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 46 (Monday, November 18, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 46 (Monday, November 18, 2002)]
[Pages 2038-2040]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 10

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

November 11

    In the morning, the President visited the Vietnam Veterans Memorial 
on The Mall. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Arlington, VA, where 
they participated in a Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony at Arlington 
National Cemetery. In the afternoon, they returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 2039]]

November 12

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Republican House and Senate 
leaders to discuss the legislative agenda. He then met with the Board of 
Directors of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to discuss efforts to 
strengthen the economy and the legislative agenda. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he met with newly appointed interim Senator Dean Barkley of 
Minnesota. He then attended a reception for newly elected Members of 
Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Elizabeth Hoffman 
to be a member of the National Science Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raymond T. Wagner, 
Jr., to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Adm. James M. 
Loy, USCG (Ret.), as Acting Under Secretary of Transportation for 
Security at the Transportation Security Administration.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by an earthquake on November 3 and continuing.

November 13

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President had a breakfast 
meeting with Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, 
Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle, Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott, 
and House Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt to discuss 
counterterrorism efforts, the situation in Iraq, and proposed homeland 
security and terrorism insurance legislation. He then had intelligence 
and national security briefings.
    In the evening, the President attended a reception for the White 
House Symposium on the West Wing to celebrate the 100th anniversary of 
the West Wing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President-
elect Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil to the White House on December 
10.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John Chambers (Vice 
Chairman) and Albert J. Edmonds as members of the National 
Infrastructure Advisory Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Robert 
Timken, Jr. (Chairman), Thomas Waters Grant, and Noe Hinojosa, Jr., to 
be members of the Board of Directors of the Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Terrence A. Duffy 
to be a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Florentino Subia 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services 
Corporation.

November 14

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings. He also had separate telephone conversations with President 
Jose Maria Aznar of Spain, to discuss the United Nations resolution on 
Iraq and the November 21-22 NATO summit in Prague, and with President 
Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines, to discuss cooperation 
against terrorism.
    Later in the morning, the President made remarks to the Global Women 
Business Leaders Partnership concerning their mentoring efforts in the 
Baltic region and other economic issues.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada Bustamante of Bolivia. He then met 
with Members of Congress to discuss his trip to Prague for the November 
21-22 NATO summit.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brig. Gen. Mark V. 
Rosenker, AFRC, to be a member of the National Transportation Safety 
Board.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on November 5-12.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on November 10-11.

[[Page 2040]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Tennessee and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a series of storms and tornadoes November 11.

November 15

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings. He also had separate telephone conversations with NATO 
Secretary General Lord Robertson, to discuss the upcoming NATO summit in 
Prague, and with Prime Minister Konstandinos Simitis of Greece, to 
discuss issues relating to Turkey and Cyprus and the 2004 Olympics in 
Athens.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska, ranking 
member, Senate Appropriations Committee, and Representative C.W. Bill 
Young of Florida, chairman, House Committee on Appropriations, to 
discuss proposed appropriations legislation. He then went to Camp David, 
MD.
    The President announced his intention to designate R. Hewitt Pate as 
Assistant Attorney General, Antitrust Division, at the Department of 
Justice.