Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 12 (Monday, March 25, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 12 (Monday, March 25, 2002)]
[Pages 481-482]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to the Speaker of the House of Representatives Transmitting 
Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Requests

March 21, 2002

Dear Mr. Speaker:

    I ask the Congress to consider expeditiously the enclosed requests, 
totaling $27.1 billion, for emergency FY 2002 supplemental 
appropriations. The requests provide for emergency expenses to support 
the war on terrorism, homeland security, and economic revitalization 
activities as the Nation continues to recover and rebuild following the 
September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
    I hereby designate specific requests contained in the accompanying 
material as emergency requirements pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of 
the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as 
amended. By category, these emergency requests total:
 <bullet>    Defense: $14.0 billion
 <bullet>    International: $1.6 billion
 <bullet>    Homeland Security: $3.3 billion (excludes $1.9 billion in a 
            contingent appropriation for the Department of 
            Transportation)
 <bullet>    Assistance to New York: $5.5 billion
    The emergency funding requests include a total of $2.7 billion in 
budget authority that would be made available contingent upon my 
transmittal of later budget requests to the Congress designating the 
specific amounts requested as an emergency requirement. This contingent 
budget authority includes $1.9 billion allocated to the Department of 
Transportation for the Transportation Security Administration and $750.0 
million allocated to the Department of Labor for economic recovery and 
assistance to dislocated workers.
    This transmittal also contains $240.0 million in non-emergency 
requests that are fully offset by proposed reductions.

[[Page 482]]

    All of the requests in this transmittal are for the purpose of 
fulfilling a known and urgent FY 2002 requirement and are unable to 
reasonably be met through the use of existing agency funds.
    The details of these requests are set forth in the enclosed letter 
from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. I concur with 
his comments and observations.
     Sincerely,
                                                George W. Bush