Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 7 (Monday, February 18, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 7 (Monday, February 18, 2002)]
[Pages 239-240]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 10

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned from Jackson 
Hole, WY, to Washington, DC.

[[Page 240]]

February 11

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Ali Abdallah Salih of Yemen to discuss cooperation against 
terrorism. Later, he had intelligence briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Milwaukee, WI, and in 
the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.

February 12

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss the situation in the Middle 
East. Later, he had CIA, FBI, and homeland security briefings, and met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President received the annual report of the 
Boy Scouts of America in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tony P. Hall to be 
U.S. Representative to the United Nations Agencies for Food and 
Agriculture, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced that Ron Haskins has joined the White House 
on a temporary and part-time basis as Senior Advisor for Welfare Policy.

February 13

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and then met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met with United Nations Secretary-
General Kofi Annan.

February 14

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary to express his appreciation for 
Hungary's efforts to combat terrorism. He also had a telephone 
conversation with President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain, in his capacity 
as President of the European Union, concerning global climate change.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Silver Spring, MD, and 
later returned to Washington, DC.
    Later in the afternoon, in a ceremony in the Oval Office, the 
President received diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Molelekeng 
Rapolaki of Lesotho, Tertius Zongo of Burkina Faso, Armando A. Panguene 
of Mozambique, John Wood of New Zealand, Syed Hasan Ahmad of Bangladesh, 
Jai Pratap Rana of Nepal, Elena Poptodorova of Bulgaria, Soemadi Djoko 
Moerdjono Brotodiningrat of Indonesia, and Diego Ramiro Guelar of 
Argentina.
    In the evening, in the East Room, the President participated in the 
filming of a television production honoring gospel music, for future 
broadcast on the PAX network.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John LeRoy 
Henderson as a member of the President's Board of Advisors on 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities.

February 15

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines concerning 
cooperation against terrorism. Later, he had intelligence briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. He then met with President Jorge 
Batlle of Uruguay in the Oval Office.
    The White House announced that, in the morning, the White House was 
reopened to tours for school groups.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeremy H.G. 
Ibrahim and David B. Rivkin, Jr., to be members of the Foreign Claims 
Settlement Commission of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on the Arts: Maribeth 
McGinley, David Gelernter, Deedie Potter Rose, Don V. Cogman, Katharine 
DeWitt, and Teresa Lozano Long.