Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 35 (Monday, September 2, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 35 (Monday, September 2, 2002)]
[Pages 1470-1471]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 24

    In the morning, the President traveled from Dana Point, CA, to 
Westwood, CA, and later to Las Cruces, NM. In the afternoon, he traveled 
to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

August 26

    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to discuss Saudi-U.S. relations 
and peace efforts in the Middle East.

August 27

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch, the President met with Ambassador 
to the U.S. Prince Bandar of Saudi Arabia to discuss peace efforts in 
the Middle East, cooperation against terrorism, child custody cases in 
Saudi Arabia dealing with American citizens, and reconstruction efforts 
in Afghanistan.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with the 
Ambassador and members of the Ambassador's family. Later, the President 
took the Ambassador and his wife, Princess Haifa Bint Faisal, on a tour 
of the ranch.
    The President announced his appointment of Dee Hansen as U.S. 
Commissioner and Chairman of the Bear River Commission for Idaho, Utah, 
and Wyoming.
    The President announced his intention to designate W. Scott Railton 
as Chairman of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Community Development Advisory Board: 
William Bynum and Mark Pinsky (community development financial 
institution representatives), Robert Gauthier (Native American tribal 
development representative), Richard Jaramillo and John Rigler II 
(insured depository institution representatives), Debra Schwartz and 
Pablo Wong (consumer/public interest organization representatives), and 
Carolyn Williams (community development representative).

August 28

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to discuss the Prime 
Minister's efforts to resolve conflicts between North and South Korea, 
and other issues concerning North Korea.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission for the Preservation of 
America's Heritage Abroad: Steven Some,

[[Page 1471]]

Warren Lloyd Miller (Chairman), Ned Bandler, Chaskel Besser, Phyllis 
Kaminsky, Michael B. Levy, Lee Seeman, Amy S. Epstein, and Irving 
Stolberg.

August 29

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. Later, he 
traveled to Oklahoma City, OK, where, upon his arrival, he met with 
Herbert Rettke, a volunteer at the Oklahoma City Veterans Administration 
Medical Center.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Little Rock, AR, where 
he participated in a roundtable discussion on education at Parkview Arts 
and Science Magnet High School.
    In the evening, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to Guam 
by authorizing an increase in Federal funding for the recovery from 
Typhoon Chata'an that struck the area on July 5-6.