Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 49 (Monday, December 9, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 49 (Monday, December 9, 2002)]
[Pages 2134-2135]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 30

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
intelligence briefings.

December 1

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

December 2

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
also had a telephone conversation with President Daniel T. arap Moi of 
Kenya to express his condolences concerning the November 28 terrorist 
attacks in Kenya.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with the 
2002 NASCAR Winston Cup Series champion, Tony Stewart, and Stewart's 
team owner, Joe Gibbs.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Daniel T. arap Moi of Kenya and Prime Minister Meles Zenawi of Ethiopia 
to the White House on December 5.
    The President announced the appointment of Zalmay Khalilzad as 
Special Envoy and Ambassador at Large for Free Iraqis.

December 3

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to Shreveport, LA. In the afternoon, he traveled to 
New Orleans, LA, and later returned to Washington, DC.

December 4

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Paavo Lipponen of Finland to Washington, DC, on December 9.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Jose Maria Aznar of Spain for a meeting and luncheon on December 18.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert D. 
McCallum, Jr., to be Associate Attorney General at the Department of 
Justice.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms, flooding, coastal erosion, and tidal 
surge on October 23-November 12.

December 5

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council.

December 6

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia concerning the situation in the 
Korean Peninsula. He then had intelligence and FBI briefings and met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the headquarters of the 
Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, where he spoke to USTR 
employees. Later, in the State Room at the White House, he attended a 
100th birthday

[[Page 2135]]

reception for Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Ellen L. Weintraub 
as a member of the Federal Election Commission.