Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 10 (Monday, March 11, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 10 (Monday, March 11, 2002)]
[Pages 386-387]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted March 4

 Albert Casey,

 of Texas, to be a Governor of the U.S. Postal Service for a term 
expiring December 8, 2009, vice Tirso del Junco, term expired.

 James B. Comey,

 of New York, to be U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York 
for the term of 4 years, vice Mary Jo White, term expired.

 Robert Patrick John Finn,

 of New York, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Afghanistan.

 Thomas A. Marino,

 of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of 
Pennsylvania for the term of 4 years, vice David M. Barasch, term 
expired.

 Patrick E. McDonald,

 of Idaho, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Idaho for the term of 
4 years, vice James Howard Benham, term expired.

 John Edward Quinn,

 of Iowa, to be U.S. Marshal for the Northern District of Iowa for the 
term of 4 years, vice Dennis H. Blome, term expired.

 Stephen Geoffrey Rademaker,

 of Delaware, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Arms Control), vice 
Avis Thayer Bohlen.

 Robert R. Rigsby,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years, vice 
Reggie Barnett Walton, elevated.

 Don Slazinik,

 of Illinois, to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of Illinois 
for the term of 4 years, vice Terrence Edward Delaney, term expired.

 Michael E. Toner,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Federal Election 
Commission for a term expiring April 30, 2007, vice Darryl R. Wold, term 
expired.

 Kim Richard Widup,

 of Illinois, to be U.S. Marshal for the Northern District of Illinois 
for the term of 4 years, vice James L. Whigham.
 Submitted March 6

 Peter A. Lawrence,

 of New York, to be U.S. Marshal for the Western District of New York 
for the term of 4 years, vice John Patrick McCaffrey, term expired.

 Jeffrey D. Wallin,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Ron Chew.
 Withdrawn March 6

 Frederick R. Heebe,

 of Louisiana, to be U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana 
for the term

[[Page 387]]

of 4 years, vice Eddie J. Jordan, Jr., resigned, which was sent to the 
Senate on November 1, 2001.