Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 26 (Monday, July 1, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 26 (Monday, July 1, 2002)]
[Pages 1106-1107]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 23

    In the afternoon, the President attended a tee-ball game on the 
South Lawn at the White House.

June 24

    In the morning, the President traveled to Port Elizabeth, NJ, where 
he met with Teen Freedom Corps volunteers Joanna Glick, Kelly Bianco, 
and Allison Cohen. Later, he toured port facilities and met with first-
responders who participated in rescue efforts after the September 11, 
2001, terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center. He then traveled to 
Newark, NJ, and later returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michelle 
Guillermin to be Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.

June 25

    In the morning, the President traveled to Springerville, AZ, where 
he took an aerial tour of the wildfires in the area. He then met with 
emergency and rescue personnel fighting the wildfires. Later, he 
traveled to Eagar, AZ, where he met with families displaced by the 
fires.

[[Page 1107]]

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Kananaskis Village 
resort in Kananaskis, Canada, for the G-7/8 Summit.
    In the evening, in the Delta Lodge at the Kananaskis Village resort, 
he met with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arizona and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by wildfires beginning on June 18 and continuing.

June 26

    Throughout the day, the President attended G-7/8 meetings.
    The President announced his nomination of Nancy J. Powell to be 
Ambassador to Pakistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David L. Lyon to 
be Ambassador to Fiji, Nauru, Tonga, and Tuvalu.
    The President announced that the 60 recipients of the 2001 
Presidential Early Career Awards for Scientists and Engineers will be 
honored in a White House ceremony on July 12.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by flooding on April 27-May 30.

June 27

    Throughout the day, the President and other G-8 leaders met with 
African leaders and Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Ellen Watt 
to be Ambassador to Panama.

June 28

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and then met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced the President's appointment of the 
following individuals as White House Fellows: Cesar Aristeiguieta; Balan 
R. Ayyar; David A. Carmel; Cesar Conde; Heather H. Graham; Richard 
Greco, Jr.; Eric D. Hothan; Vincent D. McBeth; Jonathan S. Spaner; 
Daniel S. Sullivan; William J. Thornton; Rajeev V. Venkayya; and Barry 
K. Williams.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Committee for the Preservation of the 
White House: Leonore Annenberg, Kenneth Blasingame, Helen Cooper, Wendy 
Cooper, Lonnie Bunch, William Kloss, S. Roger Horchow, Elizabeth 
Gerschel, Leslie Neuhoff, Richard Nylander, and John Wilmerding.