Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 24 (Monday, June 17, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 24 (Monday, June 17, 2002)]
[Pages 1014-1016]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 9

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

June 10

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with the National Security Council.

June 11

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Gracia Burnham to express his condolences concerning the death of her 
husband, Martin Burnham, an American missionary who had been held 
hostage in the Philippines by the Abu Sayyaf terrorist group and was 
killed June 7 during a rescue attempt.

[[Page 1015]]

    Also in the morning, the President had telephone conversations with 
Gov. Bill Owens of Colorado, to discuss the wildfires in Colorado, and 
with Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, to discuss Middle East peace 
efforts.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Kansas City, MO, where 
he toured a water treatment facility. In the evening, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his appointment of the following individuals 
as members of the President's Homeland Security Advisory Council: Joseph 
J. Grano, Jr. (Chair); William H. Webster (Vice Chair); Richard A. 
Andrews; Kathleen M. Bader; Jared Cohon; Gov. Michael O. Leavitt of 
Utah; James T. Moore; James R. Schlesinger; Mayor Anthony A. Williams of 
Washington, DC; Ruth David; Paul Bremer III; Lydia Waters Thomas; Steven 
Young; David Arthur Bell; Sidney Taurel; and Lee Herbert Hamilton.

June 12

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
also had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar 
of Spain to discuss agriculture and trade, the situation in the Middle 
East, and other issues.
    In the afternoon, the President met with congressional committee 
chairmen and ranking members to discuss proposed homeland security 
legislation.

June 13

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and met with 
the National Security Council. Also in the morning, in the Oval Office, 
he met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Saud al-Faysal al Saud of Saudi 
Arabia to discuss Middle East peace efforts.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with NASA 
Administrator Sean O'Keefe and the crew of the space shuttle Atlantis.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Anthony Holmes 
to be Ambassador to Burkina Faso.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Scott Railton 
to be a member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Earl A. Powell III 
to be a member of the National Council on the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy C. Pellett 
to be a member of the Farm Credit Administration Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rebecca Dye to be 
a Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donna N. Williams 
and William A. Schambra to be members of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on April 28-June 7.

June 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Columbus, OH.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss the 
situations in South Asia and the Middle East and upcoming G-8 meetings 
in Canada. He also had a telephone conversation with Hamid Karzai to 
congratulate him on his election as head of the Transitional Authority 
of Afghanistan.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Houston, TX, where he 
visited a summer enrichment camp at the headquarters of the Association 
for the Advancement of Mexican Americans. In the evening, he attended a 
reception for Gov. Rick Perry of Texas. He then traveled to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Aurelia E. Brazeal 
to be Ambassador to Ethiopia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joseph B. 
Gildenhorn to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson 
International Center for Scholars. Upon appointment, he will be 
designated as Chair.
    The President announced his designation of Deanna Tanner Okun as 
Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission.

[[Page 1016]]

    The President announced his designation of Jennifer Anne Hillman as 
Vice Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President declared a major disaster in Minnesota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on June 9 and 
continuing.