Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 10 (Monday, March 11, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 10 (Monday, March 11, 2002)]
[Pages 385-386]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 3

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned from Camp 
David, MD, to Washington, DC. In the evening, they attended a gala at 
Ford's Theatre.

March 4

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Eden Prairie, MN, and 
later to Minneapolis, MN. In the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on December 24-29, 2001.

March 5

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then met with Republican congressional leaders from the House and the 
Senate to discuss counterterrorism efforts and domestic issues.
    In the afternoon, the President met with His All Holiness 
Bartholomew, Ecumenical Patriarch of the Greek Orthodox Church, in the 
Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee on the Arts for the 
John F. Kennedy Center for the Arts: Catherine Todd Bailey; Lawrence E. 
Bathgate II; Ronald Aram Berberian; Catherine Caldwell Cabaniss; Kevin 
Arlen Crass; Daniel Frank Cronin Crowley; James Frederick Dicke II; 
David Judson Fisher; Timothy Fuller; James Arthur Haslam II; Brenda 
LaGrange Johnson; James Casey Kenny; Nancy Goins Kinder; Patrick 
Alexander Lopez Negrete; Karin F. Luter; Loretta Webb Lynn; P.E. 
MacAllister; Augustus Chole Miller; Carlos Dario Olamendi; Julie Jones 
Oles; Juan Alfonso Sabater; Dwight Schar; David Lee Sokol; Fred Douglas 
Thompson; Vance Michael Thompson; David Richard Tyson; Llewellyn Orcutt 
Ward III; Cortright Wetherill, Jr.; Yvonne Renee Davis; Judith Ann 
Eisenberg; Joseph James O'Donnell; Margaret Alexander Parker; John 
Whitney Payson; Clyde Armand Rodbell; Connie Russell Schmett; and 
Barbara U. Stephenson.

March 6

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he met in the Oval Office 
with members of the Senate Foreign Relations and House International 
Relations Committees.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Jean-Claude 
Juncker of Luxembourg in the Oval Office.

March 7

    In the morning, the President met with the Homeland Security 
Council.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with labor organization leaders to discuss 
proposed energy legislation and other issues. He also met separately 
with members of Congress to discuss proposed energy legislation.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom and his family 
to their ranch in Crawford, TX, on April 5-7.

[[Page 386]]

March 8

    In the morning, the President traveled to St. Petersburg, FL, and in 
the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Fred S. Zeidman as 
a member of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council, and, upon appointment, 
designate him as Chair.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Jean Chretien of Canada at the White House on March 14 to 
review key bilateral issues and planning for the June 2002 G-8 meeting 
in Kananaskis, Canada.