Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 45 (Monday, November 11, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 45 (Monday, November 11, 2002)]
[Pages 2013-2015]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 2

    In the morning, the President traveled to Blountville, TN, and then 
to Atlanta, GA. In the afternoon, he traveled to Savannah, GA, and then 
to Tampa, FL.

November 3

    In the morning, the President traveled to Springfield, IL. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to St. Paul, MN, and then to Sioux Falls, SD, 
where he was joined by Mrs. Bush.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Cedar 
Rapids, IA.

[[Page 2014]]

November 4

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. He also 
had a telephone conversation with President Vicente Fox of Mexico to 
discuss the proposed United Nations Security Council resolution on Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to St. 
Louis, MO. In the afternoon, they traveled to Bentonville, AR, and then 
to Dallas, TX. In the evening, they traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

November 5

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    During the day, the President had telephone conversations with 
candidates involved in the day's national and State elections.
    In the evening, in the White House Residence, the President and Mrs. 
Bush had dinner and watched election returns with Republican leaders, 
including Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, 
Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott, Representative Tom Davis of Virginia, 
Senator Bill Frist of Tennessee, and Republican National Committee 
chairman Marc Racicot, and their spouses.
    Also in the evening, the President had telephone conversations with 
candidates involved in the day's elections, including Gov. Jeb Bush of 
Florida, whom he congratulated on his projected reelection. He also had 
telephone conversations with Vice President Dick Cheney and Senior 
Advisor to the President Karl Rove.

November 6

    In the morning, the President had telephone conversations with 
candidates involved in the previous day's elections, including Democrat 
Senator-elect Mark Pryor of Arkansas.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on October 24 and continuing.

November 7

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the proposed U.N. Security 
Council resolution on Iraq. He also met with Defense Secretary Donald 
Rumsfeld and other members of the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Karen Johnson to 
be Assistant Secretary of Education for Legislation and Congressional 
Affairs.

November 8

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. He also 
had a telephone conversation with Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of 
Germany, and separate telephone conversations with Prime Minister Jean 
Chretien of Canada and Prime Minister John Howard of Australia to 
discuss the proposed U.N. Security Council resolution on Iraq, and other 
bilateral issues.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Speaker of the House 
of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert and Senate Minority Leader Trent 
Lott to discuss the legislative agenda. Later, he met with Prime 
Minister Peter Medgyessy of Hungary. He then traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to designate Cornelius 
Williams Ruth to be U.S. Representative and Chairman of the Rio Grande 
Compact Commission for Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts: Thomas C. Foley, Brenda LaGrange 
Johnson, James A. Johnson, and Marlene A. Malek.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Frank E. Fowler II 
and Margaret Robson as members of the President's Committee on the Arts 
and the Humanities.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mary Elizabeth 
Child and Torrey Westrom as members of the Ticket to Work and Work 
Incentives Advisory Panel.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Andrew Ly Thanh 
Buhr as a member of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.

[[Page 2015]]