Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 9 (Monday, March 4, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 9 (Monday, March 4, 2002)]
[Pages 328-329]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 25

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and met with 
the National Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Alan Guhin 
for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as the U.S. 
Fissile Material Negotiator.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lawrence E. Butler 
to be Ambassador to the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Watson Cobb 
to be Inspector General of the National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration.

February 26

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Jean Chretien of Canada to discuss the President's recent 
travel to Asia, the Prime Minister's recent travel to Germany and 
Russia, cooperation against terrorism, and various U.S.-Canadian trade 
issues. The President also had a telephone conversation with Crown 
Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, concerning

[[Page 329]]

the situation in the Middle East and U.S.-Saudi relations.
    Later in the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings.
    In the evening, the President welcomed actor Mel Gibson to the White 
House and hosted a screening of the film ``We Were Soldiers.''
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Peter Suarez 
to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for 
Enforcement and Compliance Assurance.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Russell George 
to be Inspector General of the Corporation for National and Community 
Service.

February 27

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with congressional 
leaders. Later, he traveled to Charlotte, NC, and in the afternoon, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas Forrest 
Hall to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Leonard 
Helgerson to be Inspector General for the Central Intelligence Agency.

February 28

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Mohamed VI of Morocco to discuss the situation in the Middle East and 
the United Nations effort to resolve the Western Sahara dispute. He then 
met with the Homeland Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney and then met with bipartisan Members of Congress to discuss steel 
policy.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome His All 
Holiness Bartholomew, Ecumenical Patriarch of the Greek Orthodox Church, 
to the White House on March 5.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Jean-Claude Juncker of Luxembourg for a working visit on March 
6.
    The White House announced that the President and Prime Minister 
Bertie Ahern of Ireland will meet at the White House on March 13.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Patrick 
John Finn to be Ambassador to Afghanistan.

March 1

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to Des Moines, IA. In the afternoon, he returned to 
Washington, DC. The President and Mrs. Bush then went to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Albert Casey to be 
a Governor of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen Geoffrey 
Rademaker to be Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jack David as 
Chairman of the U.S. Section of the United States and Canada Permanent 
Joint Board on Defense.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Naval 
Academy: Tirso Del Junco, Frederick Meyer, Jane Ellen Newman, and 
Michael Stephen Steele.