Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 51 (Monday, December 23, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 51 (Monday, December 23, 2002)]
[Pages 2184-2186]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved December 16

H.R. 38 / Public Law 107-332

Homestead National Monument of America Additions Act

H.R. 308 / Public Law 107-333

Guam War Claims Review Commission Act

H.R. 451 / Public Law 107-334

To make certain adjustments to the boundaries of the Mount Nebo 
Wilderness Area, and for other purposes

H.R. 706 / Public Law 107-335

Lease Lot Conveyance Act of 2002

H.R. 1712 / Public Law 107-336

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to make adjustments to the 
boundary of the National Park of American Samoa to include certain 
portions of the islands of Ofu and Olosega within the park, and for 
other purposes

H.R. 1776 / Public Law 107-337

Buffalo Bayou National Heritage Area Study Act

H.R. 1814 / Public Law 107-338

Metacomet-Monadnock-Mattabesett Trail Study Act of 2002

H.R. 1870 / Public Law 107-339

Fallon Rail Freight Loading Facility Transfer Act

H.R. 1906 / Public Law 107-340

Pu`uhonua o Honaunau National Historical Park Addition Act of 2002

H.R. 1925 / Public Law 107-341

To direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and 
feasibility of designating the Waco Mammoth Site Area in Waco, Texas, as 
a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes
Approved December 17

H.R. 2099 / Public Law 107-342

To amend the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 to 
provide adequate funding authorization for the Vancouver National 
Historic Reserve

H.R. 2109 / Public Law 107-343

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource 
study of Virginia Key Beach Park in Biscayne Bay, Florida, for possible 
inclusion in the National Park System

H.R. 2115 / Public Law 107-344

To amend the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities 
Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to participate in the 
design, planning, and construction of a project to reclaim and reuse 
wastewater within and outside of the service area of the Lakehaven 
Utility District, Washington

H.R. 2187 / Public Law 107-345

To amend title 10, United States Code, to make receipts collected from 
mineral leasing activities on certain naval oil shale reserves available 
to cover environmental restoration, waste management, and environmental 
compliance costs incurred by the United States with respect to the 
reserves

[[Page 2185]]

H.R. 2385 / Public Law 107-346

Virgin River Dinosaur Footprint Preserve Act

H.R. 2458 / Public Law 107-347

E-Government Act of 2002

H.R. 2628 / Public Law 107-348

Muscle Shoals National Heritage Area Study Act of 2002

H.R. 2828 / Public Law 107-349

Klamath Basin Emergency Operation and Maintenance Refund Act of 2002

H.R. 2937 / Public Law 107-350

To provide for the conveyance of certain public land in Clark County, 
Nevada, for use as a shooting range

H.R. 2990 / Public Law 107-351

Lower Rio Grande Valley Water Resources Conservation and Improvement Act 
of 2002

H.R. 3180 / Public Law 107-352

To consent to certain amendments to the New Hampshire-Vermont Interstate 
School Compact

H.R. 3401 / Public Law 107-353

California Five Mile Regional Learning Center Transfer Act

H.R. 3449 / Public Law 107-354

To revise the boundaries of the George Washington Birthplace National 
Monument, and for other purposes

H.R. 3609 / Public Law 107-355

Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002

H.R. 3858 / Public Law 107-356

New River Gorge Boundary Act of 2002

H.R. 4692 / Public Law 107-357

To amend the Act entitled ``An Act to authorize the Establishment of the 
Andersonville National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for 
other purposes'', to provide for the addition of certain donated lands 
to the Andersonville National Historic Site

H.R. 4823 / Public Law 107-358

Holocaust Restitution Tax Fairness Act of 2002

H.R. 5125 / Public Law 107-359

Civil War Battlefield Preservation Act of 2002

H.R. 5738 / Public Law 107-360

To amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to special diabetes 
programs for Type I diabetes and Indians

H.R. 2818 / Public Law 107-361

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain public land 
within the Sand Mountain Wilderness Study Area in the State of Idaho to 
resolve an occupancy encroachment dating back to 1971
Approved December 19

H.R. 3048 / Public Law 107-362

Russian River Land Act

H.R. 3747 / Public Law 107-363

Bainbridge Island Japanese-American Memorial Study Act of 2002

H.R. 3909 / Public Law 107-364

Gunn McKay Nature Preserve Act

H.R. 3954 / Public Law 107-365

Caribbean National Forest Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 2002

H.R. 4129 / Public Law 107-366

To amend the Central Utah Project Completion Act to clarify the 
responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior with respect to the 
Central Utah Project, to redirect unexpended budget authority for the 
Central Utah Project for wastewater treatment and reuse and other 
purposes, to provide for prepayment of repayment contracts for municipal 
and industrial water delivery facilities, and to eliminate a deadline 
for such prepayment

H.R. 4638 / Public Law 107-367

To reauthorize the Mni Wiconi Rural Water Supply Project

H.R. 4664 / Public Law 107-368

National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002

H.R. 4682 / Public Law 107-369

Allegheny Portage Railroad National Historic Site Boundary Revision Act

[[Page 2186]]

H.R. 4750 / Public Law 107-370

Big Sur Wilderness and Conservation Act of 2002

H.R. 4874 / Public Law 107-371

To direct the Secretary of the Interior to disclaim any Federal interest 
in lands adjacent to Spirit Lake and Twin Lakes in the State of Idaho 
resulting from possible omission of lands from an 1880 survey

H.R. 4883 / Public Law 107-372

To reauthorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and 
for other purposes

H.R. 4944 / Public Law 107-373

Cedar Creek and Belle Grove National Historical Park Act

H.R. 4953 / Public Law 107-374

To direct the Secretary of the Interior to grant to Deschutes and Crook 
Counties in the State of Oregon a right-of-way to West Butte Road

H.R. 5099 / Public Law 107-375

To extend the periods of authorization for the Secretary of the Interior 
to implement capital construction projects associated with the 
endangered fish recovery implementation programs for the Upper Colorado 
and San Juan River Basins

H.R. 5436 / Public Law 107-376

To extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a 
hydroelectric project in the State of Oregon

H.R. 5472 / Public Law 107-377

Protection of Family Farmers Act of 2002