Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 29 (Monday, July 22, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 29 (Monday, July 22, 2002)]
[Pages 1233-1234]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted July 15

 Glenn Bernard Anderson,

 of Arkansas, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2002, vice Yerker Andersson, term expired.

 Glenn Bernard Anderson,

 of Arkansas, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2005 (reappointment).

 Milton Aponte,

 of Florida, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2003, vice Audrey L. McCrimon, term expired.

 Barbara Gillcrist,

 of New Mexico, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for 
a term expiring September 17, 2002, vice Lilliam Rangel Pollo, term 
expired.

 Barbara Gillcrist,

 of New Mexico, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for 
a term expiring September 17, 2005 (reappointment).

 Graham Hill,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2002, vice Hughey Walker, term expired.

 Graham Hill,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2005 (reappointment).

 Joel Kahn,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2004, vice Dave Nolan Brown, term expired.

 Patricia Pound,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2005 (reappointment).

 Marco A. Rodriguez,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for 
a term expiring September 17, 2002, vice Edward Correia.

 Marco A. Rodriguez,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for 
a term expiring September 17, 2005 (reappointment).

 David Wenzel,

 of Pennsylvania, to be a member of the National Council on Disability 
for a term expiring September 17, 2004, vice Bonnie O'Day, term expired.

[[Page 1234]]

 Linda Wetters,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2003, vice Gerald S. Segal.
 Submitted July 16

 Roel C. Campos,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for 
a term expiring June 5, 2005, vice Isaac C. Hunt, Jr.

 Antonio O. Garza, Jr.,

 of Texas, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Mexico.
 Submitted July 18

 Robert A. Junell,

 of Texas, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of Texas, 
vice Hipolito Frank Garcia, deceased.

 James E. Kinkeade,

 of Texas, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, 
vice Joe Kendall, resigned.

 Robert G. Klausner,

 of California, to be U.S. District Judge for the Central District of 
California, vice William D. Keller, retired.

 Roger P. Nober,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Surface Transportation Board for a 
term expiring December 31, 2005, vice William Clyburn, Jr., term 
expired.

 Pamela F. Olson,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, vice Mark A. 
Weinberger, resigned.

 S. James Otero,

 of California, to be U.S. District Judge for the Central District of 
California, vice Richard A. Paez, elevated.

 William E. Smith,

 of Rhode Island, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Rhode 
Island, vice Ronald R. Lagueux, retired.