Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 47 (Monday, November 25, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 47 (Monday, November 25, 2002)]
[Pages 2078-2079]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 16

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings at Camp 
David, MD.

November 17

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

November 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark to discuss the November 
21-22 NATO Summit in Prague, Czech Republic, the European Union Summit 
to be held in Copenhagen, Denmark, in December, and implementation of 
the United Nations resolution concerning weapons inspections in Iraq. He 
then had intelligence and national security briefings.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri of Lebanon to discuss economic issues, 
including Lebanon's cooperation with the International Monetary Fund, 
and peace efforts in the Middle East.
    The White House announced the appointment of Barry Jackson as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy to the Senior Advisor.
    The White House announced the appointment of Peter Wehner as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director of Strategic Initiatives.
    The White House announced the appointment of Israel Hernandez as 
Deputy Assistant to the President and Assistant to the Senior Advisor.
    The White House announced the appointment of Adam Goldman as Special 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Public Liaison.
    The White House announced the appointment of Julieanne Thomas as 
Associate Director at the Office of Public Liaison.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and tornadoes on November 10.

November 19

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Prague, 
Czech Republic, arriving in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ellen L. Weintraub 
to be a member of the Federal Election Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gerald Alan 
Barnhart as a Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the Great Lakes 
Fishery Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Harold Craig Manson 
as a Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the Great Lakes Fishery 
Commission (Official of the U.S. Government).
    The President announced his intention to appoint William W. Taylor 
as Alternate Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the Great Lakes Fishery 
Commission.

[[Page 2079]]

November 20

    In the morning, the President was greeted by President Vaclav Havel 
of the Czech Republic at Prague Castle. Later, at Hrzansky Palace, the 
President met with Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla of the Czech Republic.
    In the afternoon, at the Hilton Prague, the President met with U.S. 
Embassy personnel. Later, he had separate meetings with President Ahmet 
Necdet Sezer of Turkey, to discuss bilateral relations and the situation 
in Iraq, and NATO Secretary General Lord Robertson, to discuss the 
upcoming NATO Summit.
    In the evening, at Prague Castle, the President and Mrs. Bush 
attended a gift presentation followed by a dinner for NATO leaders.

November 21

    During the day, at the Prague Congress Center, the President 
participated in North Atlantic Council Summit meetings and photo 
opportunities. He also met with President Jacques Chirac of France.
    In the evening, at Prague Castle, the President and Mrs. Bush 
attended a ballet performance and a dinner with NATO and Euro-Atlantic 
Partnership Council (EAPC) leaders.

November 22

    In the morning, at the Prague Congress Center, the President 
participated in EAPC Summit meetings and photo opportunities. Later, he 
was joined by Mrs. Bush, and they traveled to St. Petersburg, Russia, 
arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Vilnius, Lithuania, arriving in the evening.
    The President announced his appointment of Grover Whitehurst as 
Director of the Institute of Education Sciences at the Department of 
Education.
    The President announced his designation of Eugene Scalia as Acting 
Solicitor for the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert A. Sturgell 
to be Deputy Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration.