Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 13 (Monday, April 1, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 13 (Monday, April 1, 2002)]
[Pages 537-538]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 23

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled from Monterrey, 
Mexico, to Lima, Peru, arriving in the afternoon.
    In the afternoon, the President met with U.S. Embassy personnel. 
Later, in the Presidential Palace, he met with Presidents Alejandro 
Toledo of Peru, Andres Pastrana of Colombia, and Jorge Fernando Quiroga 
Ramirez of Bolivia, and Vice President Pedro Pinto Rubianes of Ecuador 
to discuss the Andean Trade Preferences Act and other regional issues.

March 24

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to San 
Salvador, El Salvador.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a luncheon meeting 
at the Casa Presidencial with Prime Minister Said Musa of Belize and 
Presidents Francisco Flores Perez of El Salvador, Alfonso Portillo of 
Guatemala, Ricardo Madura of Honduras, Enrique Bolanos of Nicaragua, 
Miguel Angel Rodriguez of Costa Rica, and Mireya Elisa Moscoso of Panama 
to discuss trade and other regional issues. Later, the President and 
Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

March 25

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings and met with 
the National Security Council. Then, in the Oval Office, he met with 
Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark to discuss cooperation 
against terrorism, issues related to NATO, and the Prime Minister's role 
as incoming President of the European Union. Later, also in the Oval 
Office, he met with leaders of the Lubavitch Jewish community to sign a 
ceremonial copy of Proclamation 7534--Education and Sharing Day, U.S.A., 
2002, and commemorate the 100th birthday of Rabbi Menachem Mendel 
Schneerson, a Lubavitch leader who died in 1994.

March 26

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Helen Clark 
of New Zealand in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services 
Corporation: Frank B. Strickland, Michael McKay, Thomas A. Fuentes, 
Lillian R. BeVier, and Robert J. Dieter.

March 27

    In the morning, the President traveled to Greenville, SC. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with 
Chairman Hamid Karzai of the Afghan Interim Authority to express his 
condolences concerning the earthquakes that struck northern Afghanistan 
on March 25-26.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Atlanta, GA. In the 
evening, he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

March 28

    In the morning, the President traveled to Dallas, TX. In the 
afternoon, he returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charlotte A. Lane 
to be a member of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carolyn Y. Peoples 
to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bruce R. James to 
be the Public Printer.

[[Page 538]]

March 29

    In the morning, the President had a teleconference meeting with the 
National Security Council.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Dennis L. 
Schornack as Commissioner and Chairman of the International Joint 
Commission--United States and Canada.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Emil H. Frankel as 
Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Transportation Policy.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Jeffrey Shane as 
Associate Deputy Secretary of Transportation.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Michael E. Toner 
as a member of the Federal Election Commission.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Gerald Reynolds as 
Assistant Secretary of Education for Civil Rights.