Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 40 (Monday, October 7, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 40 (Monday, October 7, 2002)]
[Pages 1695-1696]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted September 30

 Albert Casey,

 of Texas, to be a Governor of the U.S. Postal Service for a term 
expiring December 8, 2009, vice Tirso del Junco, term expired, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Thomas C. Dorr,

 of Iowa, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Commodity 
Credit Corporation, vice Jill L. Long, resigned, to which position he 
was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Thomas C. Dorr,

 of Iowa, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Development, 
vice Jill L. Long, resigned, to which position he was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Cheryl Feldman Halpern,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 
2008, vice Heidi H. Schulman, term expired, to which position she was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Tony Hammond,

 of Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Postal Rate Commission for the 
remainder of the term expiring October 14, 2004, vice Edward Jay 
Gleiman, resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Susanne T. Marshall,

 of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, vice 
Beth Susan Slavet, to which position she was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

[[Page 1696]]

 Philip Merrill,

 of Maryland, to be President of the Export-Import Bank of the United 
States for the remainder of the term expiring January 20, 2005, vice 
John E. Robson.

 W. Scott Railton,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Occupational Safety and Health 
Review Commission for a term expiring April 27, 2007, vice Gary L. 
Visscher, term expired, to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.
 Submitted October 2

 Mark B. McClellan,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, 
Department of Health and Human Services, vice Jane E. Henney, resigned.
 Submitted October 4

 Robert J. Battista,

 of Michigan, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring December 16, 2007, vice Wilma B. Liebman, 
term expiring.

 Wilma B. Liebman,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Labor 
Relations Board for the term of 5 years expiring August 27, 2006, vice 
Peter J. Hurtgen.
 Withdrawn October 4

 Robert J. Battista,

 of Michigan, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring August 27, 2006, vice Peter J. Hurtgen, 
which was sent to the Senate on June 13, 2002.