Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 36 (Monday, September 9, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 36 (Monday, September 9, 2002)]
[Pages 1512-1513]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 1

    In the morning, the President returned from the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX, to Washington, DC.

September 2

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Neville Island, PA, 
where he toured the Carpenters' Training Center. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.

September 3

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with Republican Senate leaders to discuss proposed 
homeland security legislation.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Jean Chretien of Canada in Detroit, MI, on September 9 to 
discuss border issues and cooperation against terrorism, and other 
bilateral and international issues.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alvaro Uribe of Colombia to the White House for a meeting and working 
lunch on September 25.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dale Cabaniss to 
be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority and, upon 
confirmation, to designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Scott W. Muller to 
be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Grover Joseph Rees 
to be Ambassador to East Timor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rafael Cuellar 
(proprietor of small business representative) and Michael Scott (U.S. 
Department officer representative) to be members of the Board of 
Directors of the National Consumer Cooperative Bank.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harold Damelin to 
be Inspector General of the Small Business Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda M. Springer 
to be Controller of the Office of Federal Financial Management in the 
Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John F. Keane to 
be Ambassador to Paraguay.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Philip N. Hogen to 
be Chairman of the National Indian Gaming Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Allen I. Olson and 
Irene B. Brooks to be Commissioners of the International

[[Page 1513]]

Joint Commission--United States and Canada.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Museum Services Board: Judith 
Ann Rapanos; Edwin Joseph Rigaud; Margaret Scarlett; Thomas E. 
Lorentzen; Peter Marzio; Nancy S. Dwight; Maria Mercedes Guillemard; 
Peter Hero; Terry L. Maple; David Donath; A. Wilson Greene; Elizabeth J. 
Pruet; Harry Robinson, Jr.; and Beth Walkup.

September 4

    In the morning, the President met with Republican and Democrat 
Senators to discuss proposed homeland security legislation.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Prime 
Minister Siim Kallas of Estonia.
    In the evening, the President visited the home of Defense Secretary 
Donald Rumsfeld in northwest Washington, DC, and later returned to the 
White House.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Francis X. Taylor 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security and Director 
of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on Mental 
Retardation: Madeleine Will (Chair); Claudia Coleman; Brenda Leath; 
William Lori; Lon Solomon; Karen Staley; James Brett; Kenneth Lohff; 
Vijayalakshmi Appareddy; Edward Mambruno; Nancy Blanchard; Mary 
Christine Bruene; Kathleen Hargett; Alvaro Marin; Kim Porter-Hoppe; Gene 
Stallings, Jr.; Olivia Colvin; Annette Talis; and Windy Smith.
    The President announced his designation of S. Eric Benson as Acting 
Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs at the Department of Veterans 
Affairs.

September 5

    In the morning, the President traveled to Louisville, KY, where, 
upon his arrival at Louisville International Airport, he met with 
players and coaches from the 2002 Little League World Series champion 
Valley Sports American team. Later, in the Broadbent Arena at the 
Kentucky Fair and Exposition Center in Louisville, he participated in a 
roundtable discussion with small-business leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to South Bend, IN. In the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard J. Peltz 
to be Alternate Federal Co-Chair of the Appalachian Regional Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anne B. Pope to be 
Federal Co-Chair of the Appalachian Regional Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David N. Greenlee 
to be Ambassador to Bolivia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robin Renee 
Sanders to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William Brody as a 
member of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board.

September 6

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Jacques Chirac of France, President Vladimir Putin of 
Russia, and President Jiang Zemin of China to discuss the situation in 
Iraq. He then met with the National Security Council and had 
intelligence briefings.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
interfaith leaders as part of the National Days of Prayer and 
Remembrance established in Proclamation 7588, which was signed August 
31. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Jose Manuel Durao Barosso of Portugal on September 10.