Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 45 (Monday, November 11, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 45 (Monday, November 11, 2002)]
[Pages 2015-2016]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved November 2

H.R. 2215 / Public Law 107-273

21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act

H.R. 4967 / Public Law 107-274

Border Commuter Student Act of 2002

H.R. 5542 / Public Law 107-275

Black Lung Consolidation of Administrative Responsibility Act

H.R. 5596 / Public Law 107-276

To amend section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to eliminate 
notification and return requirements for State and local party 
committees and candidate committees and avoid duplicate reporting by 
certain State and local political committees of information required to 
be reported and made publicly available under State law, and for other 
purposes
Approved November 5

H.R. 2733 / Public Law 107-277

Enterprise Integration Act of 2002

H.R. 3656 / Public Law 107-278

To amend the International Organizations Immunities Act to provide for 
the applicability of that Act to the European Central Bank

[[Page 2016]]

H.R. 3801 / Public Law 107-279

To provide for improvement of Federal education research, statistics, 
evaluation, information, and dissemination, and for other purposes

H.R. 2245 / Private Law 107-5

For the relief of Anisha Goveas Foti
Approved November 6

H.R. 4013 / Public Law 107-280

Rare Diseases Act of 2002

H.R. 4014 / Public Law 107-281

Rare Diseases Orphan Product Development Act of 2002

H.R. 5200 / Public Law 107-282

Clark County Conservation of Public Land and Natural Resources Act of 
2002

H.R. 5308 / Public Law 107-283

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
301 South Howes Street in Fort Collins, Colorado, as the ``Barney 
Apodaca Post Office''

H.R. 5333 / Public Law 107-284

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
4 East Central Street in Worcester, Massachusetts, as the ``Joseph D. 
Early Post Office Building''

H.R. 5336 / Public Law 107-285

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
380 Main Street in Farmingdale, New York, as the ``Peter J. Ganci, Jr. 
Post Office Building''

H.R. 5340 / Public Law 107-286

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
5805 White Oak Avenue in Encino, California, as the ``Francis Dayle 
`Chick' Hearn Post Office''
Approved November 7

H.R. 3253 / Public Law 107-287

Department of Veterans Affairs Emergency Preparedness Act of 2002

H.R. 4015 / Public Law 107-288

Jobs for Veterans Act

H.R. 4685 / Public Law 107-289

Accountability of Tax Dollars Act of 2002

H.R. 5205 / Public Law 107-290

To amend the District of Columbia Retirement Protection Act of 1997 to 
permit the Secretary of the Treasury to use estimated amounts in 
determining the service longevity component of the Federal benefit 
payment required to be paid under such Act to certain retirees of the 
Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia.

H.R. 5574 / Public Law 107-291

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
206 South Main Street in Glennville, Georgia, as the ``Michael Lee 
Woodcock Post Office''