Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 18 (Monday, May 6, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 18 (Monday, May 6, 2002)]
[Pages 740-741]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 27

    During the day, from the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel 
concerning the situation in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Houston, 
TX, where they attended the wedding of former Presidential Aide Logan 
Walters. In the evening, they returned to Crawford.

 April 28

    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia concerning the situation in the 
Middle East.

April 29

    In the morning, the President traveled to Albuquerque, NM. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to Los Angeles, CA.

April 30

    In the morning, the President traveled to San Jose, CA. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to Santa Clara, CA. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba of Nepal at the White House on May 7 to 
discuss key bilateral issues and Nepal's fight against Maoist 
terrorists.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Janez Drnovsek of Slovenia to the White House on May 17.
    The White House announced that the President will attend the NATO-
Russia Summit in Italy on May 28.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David McQueen 
Laney to be a member of the Amtrak Reform Board.

May 1

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Speaker 
of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority 
Leader Tom Daschle, Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott, and House 
Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt. He then had intelligence and FBI 
briefings. Later in the morning, he met with Senior Minister Lee Kuan 
Yew of Singapore to discuss cooperation against terrorism and other 
regional issues. He then met with Republican House and Senate leaders to 
discuss the pending congressional agenda.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Vice President Hu Jintao of 
China. Also in the afternoon, he met with House Appropriations Committee 
Chairman C.W. Bill Young.
    The President announced his designation of Adm. David E. Jeremiah, 
USN (Ret.), as

[[Page 741]]

the Presidential Representative for Australian-American Friendship Week, 
May 3-11.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan at the White House on May 8 to discuss 
developments in the Middle East and key bilateral issues.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maryland and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a tornado on April 28.

May 2

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Chairman Hamid Karzai of the Interim Authority of Afghanistan to discuss 
U.S. assistance to Afghanistan. He also had a telephone conversation 
with President Eduard Shevardnadze of the Republic of Georgia to express 
his condolences concerning the recent earthquake in Georgia, cooperation 
against terrorism, and issues in the Caucasus region. He then had CIA 
and FBI briefings.

May 3

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. Later, he 
met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Igor Sergeyevich Ivanov of Russia 
to discuss arms reduction, trade issues, and issues related to NATO.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD, where, in the evening, they welcomed President Jose Maria 
Aznar of Spain and his wife, Ana Botella.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel at the White House on May 7 to discuss 
developments in the Middle East and key bilateral issues.