Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 25 (Monday, June 24, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 25 (Monday, June 24, 2002)]
[Pages 1068-1069]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 16

    During the day, from the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President 
had a telephone conversation with President Vicente Fox of Mexico 
concerning the World Cup soccer game between the U.S. and Mexico to be 
held the next day in Chonju, South Korea. In the evening, he had a 
telephone conversation with U.S. team members to express his support.

June 17

    In the morning, the President traveled to Atlanta, GA, where he met 
with Habitat for Humanity volunteer Darryl Hicks and later toured the 
Pryor Road Corridor housing development. In the afternoon, he returned 
to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal on June 18.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey S. 
Merrifield to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John S. Bresland 
to be a member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ellen Sauerbrey to 
be U.S. Representative to the Commission on the Status of Women of the 
Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of 
Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Norman J. Pattiz 
to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board: 
Michael Corradini, Mark D. Abkowitz, Thure E. Cerling, David J. 
Duquette, and Ronald Michael Latanision.

June 18

    In the morning, the President met with President Abdoulaye Wade of 
Senegal to

[[Page 1069]]

commend him for his work toward a resolution of the political crisis in 
Madagascar and discuss development in Africa.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with the 
leadership of Disabled American Veterans.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Allan Roth 
to be Ambassador to Senegal and Guinea-Bissau.

June 19

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings.
    In an afternoon ceremony in the Oval Office, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Boudewijn van Eenennaam of The 
Netherlands; Kassahun Ayele of Ethiopia; Phanthong Phommahaxay of Laos; 
Carlos Jose Ulvert Sanchez of Nicaragua; Aziz Mekouar of Morocco; Ishaq 
Shahryar of Afghanistan; Mihail Manoli of Moldova; and Mario Miguel 
Canahuati of Honduras. He then participated in a roundtable interview 
with health and fitness reporters in the Roosevelt Room.
    The White House announced that the President has invited President 
Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland to Washington, DC, for a state visit on 
July 17-18.
    The President declared a major disaster in Colorado and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by wildfires beginning on April 23 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Iowa and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas struck 
by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 3 and continuing.

June 20

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. Later, he 
dropped by a meeting between National Security Adviser Condoleeza Rice 
and President-elect Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia. Also in the morning, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of 
Israel to express his sympathy for the families of victims of recent 
suicide bombings in Israel.
    The President announced his appointment of the following individuals 
as members of the President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports: 
Lynn Swann (Chairman); Dot Richardson (Vice Chairman); Denise Austin; 
James Baird; John Burke; Paul Corrozza; Katherine Cosgrove; Amanda C. 
Cromwell; Pamela Danberg; Jamie Davidson; Dan Gable; Nomar Garciaparra; 
Marion Jones; Ivette Lirio; Nancy Lopez; T.L. Mitchell; Charles Moore, 
Jr.; Derek Parra; Emmit Smith; and Lloyd Ward.
    The President announced that he will award the Presidential Medal of 
Freedom to the following individuals at a ceremony in July: Hank Aaron, 
Bill Cosby, Placido Domingo, Peter Drucker, Katharine Graham, D.A. 
Henderson, Irving Kristol, Nelson Mandela, Gordon Moore, Nancy Reagan, 
Fred Rogers, and A.M. Rosenthal.

June 21

    In the morning, the President traveled to Orlando, FL, where he met 
with volunteer Marie Wieland.
    In the evening, the President attended a fundraising event for the 
Republican Party of Florida and Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida at the 
Universal Studios Portofino Hotel. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.