Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 12 (Monday, March 25, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 12 (Monday, March 25, 2002)]
[Pages 485-486]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 16

    In the morning, the President traveled from Camp David, MD, to 
Chicago, IL, where he participated in a Saint Patrick's Day parade and 
then had lunch with Mayor Richard M. Daley of Chicago and Gov. George 
Ryan of Illinois.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Camp David, MD.

March 17

    In the early afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

March 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan concerning the March 17 terrorist 
attack at the Protestant International Church in Islamabad, Pakistan. He 
also had a telephone conversation with Secretary-General Kofi Annan of 
the United Nations concerning aid for the developing world and the 
situation in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to O'Fallon, MO, and later 
to St. Louis, MO. In the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kyle E. McSlarrow 
to be Deputy Secretary of the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claude A. Allen 
and Walter H. Kansteiner to be Government representatives to the Board 
of Directors of the African Development Foundation. Upon confirmation, 
Mr. Allen will be designated Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark Griffon as a 
member of the Advisory Board on Radiation and Worker Health.

March 19

    In the morning, the President had FBI and CIA briefings and then met 
with the Homeland Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Christopher Columbus Fellowship 
Foundation: Audy Michael Perry (President pro tempore of the Senate 
representative); Robert Jeffrey Glovitz (Speaker of the House 
representative); and Lynda Hare Scribante (Minority Leader of the House 
representative).

March 20

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with members 
of the National Association of Attorneys General in the Indian Treaty 
Room at the White House.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Alexandria, VA, and later returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Tarja Halonen of Finland at the White House on April 16.

March 21

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to El Paso, TX. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, the President had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister

[[Page 486]]

Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss cooperation against terrorism. In 
El Paso, the President toured the cargo dock at the Bridge of the 
Americas.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Monterrey, 
Mexico.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha of Bulgaria to Washington, DC, on 
April 23.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on the 21st Century 
Workforce: Douglas James Banes; Jeffery Lawrence Bleustein; Anna Regula 
Haug de Cablik; Anna Escobedo Cabral; Thomas Joseph Donohue; James K. 
Glassman; Lowell McFerrin Guthrie; James Philip Hoffa; David Sen Lin 
Lee; and Charles Joseph Scarborough.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William Omer 
Brisben, Jr., as U.S. Representative to the Executive Board of the 
United Nations Children's Fund.
    The President announced his intention to designate Mary Elizabeth 
Kramer as Chairman of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.

March 22

    In the morning, the President met with President Jacques Chirac of 
France at the Presidente Inter-Contintental Hotel.
    In the afternoon, the President met with President Vicente Fox of 
Mexico at the Palacio de Gobierno.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a reception and 
dinner hosted by President Fox at the Museo de Arte Contemporaneo de 
Monterrey.
    The President announced his nomination of Paula A. DeSutter to be 
Assistant Secretary of State for Verification and Compliance.
    The President announced his nomination of Kathleen Marion Harrington 
to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Public Affairs.
    The President announced his nomination of Stanley C. Suboleski to be 
a member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sandra S. Brock as 
a member of the Advisory Board of the National Air and Space Museum.
    The President announced his designation of R.L. Brownlee as Acting 
Secretary of the Army for Civil Works.