Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 20 (Monday, May 20, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 20 (Monday, May 20, 2002)]
[Pages 844-845]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 12

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

May 13

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. He then 
traveled to Chicago, IL, where he met with Jerry and Adrienne Welenc, 
who have been foster parents to over 90 children and provide support to 
other foster parents. In the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.

May 14

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, in an Oval Office ceremony, he signed the Hematological Cancer 
Research and Investment Education Act of 2002.
    In the afternoon, he met in the Diplomatic Room at the White House 
with the Sunshine Kids, a group of children with cancer who were 
visiting Washington, DC.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
to represent the

[[Page 845]]

United States at the inauguration of President Xanana Gusmao of East 
Timor on May 22: former President Bill Clinton, who will lead the 
delegation; Richard Holbrooke; James Kelly; Karen Brooks; Shari 
Villarosa; and Brig. Gen. John G. Castellaw, USMC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John William 
Blaney to be Ambassador to Liberia.

May 15

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Speaker 
of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority 
Leader Tom Daschle, Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott, and House 
Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt to discuss the congressional agenda. 
He then had CIA and FBI briefings. Later in the morning, he met with 
members of the United Jewish Communities to discuss the proposed 
``Charity Aid, Recovery, and Empowerment Act of 2002.'' He then met with 
the House Republican Conference at the Capitol, to discuss defense and 
domestic issues.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India to express his condolences 
for the victims of the May 14 terrorist attack in Jammu and Kashmir.

May 16

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. In the 
afternoon, he met with the Senate Republican Conference at the Capitol, 
to discuss the upcoming congressional agenda.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by an earthquake on April 20.

May 17

    In the morning, the President met with Prime Minister Janez Drnovsek 
of Slovenia to discuss bilateral issues.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.