Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 41 (Monday, October 14, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 41 (Monday, October 14, 2002)]
[Pages 1747-1748]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted October 10

 John R. Adams,

 of Ohio, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Ohio, 
vice George Washington White, retired.

 J. Cofer Black,

 of Virginia, to be Coordinator for Counterterrorism, with the rank and 
status of Ambassador at Large, vice Francis Xavier Taylor.

 J. Daniel Breen,

 of Tennessee, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of 
Tennessee, vice Julia Smith Gibbons, elevated.

 Jewel Spears Brooker,

 of Florida, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2008, vice Peggy Whitman Prenshaw, term 
expired.

 Cormac J. Carney,

 of California, to be U.S. District Judge for the Central District of 
California, vice Carlos R. Moreno, resigned.

 Dario Fernandez-Morera,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2008, vice Susan E. Trees, term expired.

[[Page 1748]]

 Elizabeth Fox-Genovese,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2008, vice Lorraine Weiss Frank, term 
expired.

 David Hertz,

 of Indiana, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Henry Glassie.

 Stephen McNight,

 of Florida, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Isabel Carter Stewart.

 Sidney McPhee,

 of Tennessee, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2008, vice Margaret P. Duckett, term 
expired.

 Lawrence Okamura,

 of Missouri, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2008, vice Doris B. Holleb, term 
expired.

 Marguerite Sullivan,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Council on 
the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2008, vice Susan Ford 
Wiltshire, term expired.

 Stephan Thernstrom,

 of Massachusetts, to be a member of the National Council on the 
Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2008, vice Arthur I. 
Blaustein, term expired.

 Thomas A. Varlan,

 of Tennessee, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Tennessee, vice Robert Leon Jordan, retired.