Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 34 (Monday, August 26, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 34 (Monday, August 26, 2002)]
[Pages 1415-1416]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 20

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
intelligence briefings.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts: Melvyn J. Estrin, George Farias, Roy 
Goodman, Alma Johnson Powell, Catherine Reynolds, and Beatrice Welters.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee on the Arts of the John 
F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Mary Mochary (chairman), 
Patricia H. Gerber, Chi Ming Lee, William Hideo Marumoto, Elizabeth 
McNamee, Velma Morrison, Mary H. Perdue, Harriet Rotter, and Alfred 
Raymond Tye.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Rural Telephone 
Bank: Clay Davis and Christine Toretti (general public representatives); 
and Gilbert Gonzalez, Jr., James House, Luis Luna, and Roberto Salazar 
(Department of Agriculture representatives).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Oklahoma City National Memorial Trust: 
Luke R. Corbett, Patricia Eaton, Donald F. Ferrell, Gloria Griffin, 
Robert M. Johnson, Linda P. Lambert, Gary B. Marrs, and Richard E. 
Williams.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Amanullah Khan and 
Shinq-Chern Liou as members of the President's Advisory Commission on 
Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.
    The President announced his intention to designate Marvin Lee Watts 
as U.S. Commissioner of the Pecos River Commission.

August 22

    In the morning, the President traveled to Ruch, OR, and later to 
Central Point, OR. In the afternoon, he traveled to Portland, OR.

[[Page 1416]]

August 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Stockton, CA, where he 
spoke at the Stockton Memorial Civic Auditorium.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Santa Ana, CA, where he 
spoke to Hispanic community advocates, volunteers, and leaders at the 
Bowers Museum of Cultural Art.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Dana Point, CA, 
where, in the evening, he attended a reception for gubernatorial 
candidate Bill Simon at the St. Regis Monarch Beach Resort.
    The President announced his appointment of David M. Childs as a 
member of the Commission of Fine Arts.
    The President announced his appointment of Rudy Boschwitz as a 
member of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.