Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 21 (Monday, May 27, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 21 (Monday, May 27, 2002)]
[Pages 907-908]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 19

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

May 20

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Miami, FL. In the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome 
International Democrat Union leaders to Washington, DC, on June 10.
    The President announced his appointment of Marilyn Carlson Nelson as 
Chairperson of the National Women's Business Council.

May 21

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Seth Cropsey to be 
Director of the International Broadcasting Bureau.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on April 21 and 
continuing.

May 22

    In the morning, the President traveled to Berlin, Germany. While en 
route aboard Air

[[Page 908]]

Force One, he had a CIA briefing. After arriving in the evening he had 
dessert at a Berlin restaurant with Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of 
Germany and Mayor Klaus Wowereit of Berlin. Later, he met Mrs. Bush, who 
arrived from Prague, the Czech Republic.

May 23

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush were welcomed by 
President Johannes Rau of Germany and his wife, Christina Rau, at 
Bellevue Palace.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Moscow, 
Russia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles H. Williams 
to be Director of the Office of Multifamily Housing Assistance 
Restructuring, Department of Housing and Urban Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Panel of Arbitrators of the International 
Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes: Fred Fisher Fielding; 
O. Thomas Johnson, Jr.; Daniel M. Price; and Davis R. Robinson.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Panel of Conciliators of the International 
Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes: H. Douglas Barclay; 
Oscar M. Garibaldi; Steven M. Lucas; and Charles E. Roh, Jr.

May 24

    In the morning, the President met with personnel at the U.S. 
Embassy. He then participated in a wreath-laying ceremony at Russia's 
Tomb of the Unknown Soldier by the Kremlin wall.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a lunch at 
the Kremlin hosted by President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and his 
wife, Lyudmila. Later, they took a walking tour of the Kremlin and 
Cathedral Square.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a dinner hosted 
by President Putin and Mrs. Putin at Novo Ogarevo, the Putins' residence 
in Moscow.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kim R. Holmes to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for International Organizations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diana E. 
Furchtgott-Roth to be a Director of the Federal Housing Finance Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Armando J. Bucelo 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter McPherson as 
a member of the Board for International Food and Agriculture 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee on the Arts, John F. 
Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Rosemary Ramirez Barbour, Joan 
Stevens Eller, Thomas Miller Ferguson, Donna S. Hall, Shenikwa D. 
Nowlin, James Henderson Shacklett III, and Joseph P. Watkins.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission on Presidential Scholars: Scott 
Allen Bundgaard, Jeanne Rolfe Ferst, Michael Anthony Galiazzo, Robert 
Earl Moss, John Frederick Mueller, Laura Emberton Owens, and Dorothy 
Jean Potter.