Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 6 (Monday, February 11, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 6 (Monday, February 11, 2002)]
[Pages 204-205]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted February 5

 Guy F. Caruso,

 of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Energy Information 
Administration, vice Jay E. Hakes, resigned.

 Daniel L. Cooper,

 of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Benefits of the Department 
of Veterans Affairs for a term of 4 years, vice Joseph Thompson, 
resigned.

 Jose A. Fourquet,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring September 20, 2004, vice Mark L. 
Schneider, term expired.

 Adolfo A. Franco,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for the remainder of the term expiring September 20, 
2002, vice Jeffrey Davidow, resigned.

 Adolfo A. Franco,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring September 20, 2008 
(reappointment).

 Roger Francisco Noriega,

 of Kansas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring September 20, 2006, vice 
Harriett C. Babbit, term expired.

 Eugene Scalia,

 of Virginia, to be Solicitor for the Department of Labor, vice Henry L. 
Solano, resigned, to which position he was appointed during the recess 
of the Senate from December 20, 2001, to January 23, 2002.
 Submitted February 6

 Warren Douglas Anderson,

 of South Dakota, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of South Dakota 
for the term of 4 years, vice Lyle Weir Swenson, term expired.

 Todd Walther Dillard,

 of Maryland, to be U.S. Marshal for the Superior Court of the District 
of Columbia for the term of 4 years (reappointment).

 Theophile Alceste Duroncelet,

 of Louisiana, to be U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of Louisiana 
for the term of 4 years, vice Charles Vincent Serio, resigned.

 James Loren Kennedy,

 of Indiana, to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of Indiana for 
the term of 4 years, vice Frank James Anderson, term expired.

 James Joseph Parmley,

 of New York, to be U.S. Marshal for the Northern District of New York 
for the term of 4 years, vice Edward Joseph Kelly, Jr., term expired.

 James Thomas Plousis,

 of New Jersey, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of New Jersey for 
the term of 4 years, vice Glenn Dale Cunningham, resigned.

 Charles R. Reavis,

 of North Carolina, to be U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of North 
Carolina for the term of 4 years, vice Mark Reid Tucker.

 Michael Robert Regan,

 of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. Marshal for the Middle District of 
Pennsylvania for the term of 4 years, vice Walter D. Sokolowski, term 
expired.

 Robert H. Roswell,

 of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Health of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs for a term of 4 years, vice Thomas L. Garthwaite.

 Jesse Seroyer, Jr.,

 of Alabama, to be U.S. Marshal for the Middle District of Alabama for 
the term of 4 years, vice Florence M. Cauthen, term expired.

[[Page 205]]

 Timothy Dewayne Welch,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. Marshal for the Northern District of Oklahoma 
for the term of 4 years, vice James Marion Hughes, Jr., term expired.