Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 43 (Monday, October 28, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 43 (Monday, October 28, 2002)]
[Pages 1862-1863]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 20

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

October 21

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
later met with the National Security Council.
    In the evening, the President traveled to McLean, VA, where he 
attended a Republican National Committee dinner at a private residence. 
He then returned to Washington, DC.

October 22

    In the morning, the President had FBI briefings. Later, he traveled 
to Downingtown, PA. In the afternoon, he traveled to Bangor, ME, and 
later returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Peter Medgyessy of Hungary to Washington, DC, on November 8 to 
discuss cooperation against terrorism, the upcoming NATO summit in 
Prague, and other issues.

October 23

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Ahmet Necdet Sezer of Turkey concerning the Turkey-U.S. 
strategic partnership, cooperation on Iraq, and other issues. He then 
had intelligence and FBI briefings and met with the National Security 
Council.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he participated in a roundtable 
discussion with Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials on 
online safety for children.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss the situation 
in Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dana Gioia to be 
Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dennis Algiere as a 
member of the Advisory Committee on the Arts, John F. Kennedy Center for 
the Performing Arts.

October 24

    In the morning, the President had FBI briefings. He also had a 
telephone conversation with President Vladimir Putin of Russia

[[Page 1863]]

to discuss his support for Russia concerning the terrorist takeover and 
hostage situation at a Moscow theater.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Charlotte, NC, and 
then to Columbia, SC. In the afternoon, he traveled to Auburn, AL.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX. While en route, he had a telephone conversation with 
Montgomery County, MD, Police Chief Charles Moose to congratulate him 
and other law enforcement officials for the apprehension of suspects in 
the recent sniper attacks in the Washington, DC, area.

October 25

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush welcomed President Jiang 
Zemin of China and his wife, Wang Yeping, to the Bush Ranch.
    In the afternoon, the two Presidents toured the ranch. Later, the 
President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with President Jiang and his wife.