Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 40 (Monday, October 7, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 40 (Monday, October 7, 2002)]
[Pages 1694-1695]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 30

    In the afternoon, the President returned from the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX, to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Philip Merrill to 
be President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Fidel Alfonso 
Vargas as a member of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.

October 1

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with a 
bipartisan group of House Members to discuss the proposed joint 
resolution to authorize the use of force against Iraq.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Isidore on September 23 and continuing.

October 2

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal to express his condolences to 
families of the victims of the ferryboat sinking near Senegal on 
September 26, and to discuss the situation in the Ivory Coast.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the Ronald 
Reagan Building and International Trade Center, where they participated 
in a roundtable discussion as part of the White House Conference on 
Missing, Exploited, and Runaway Children. In the afternoon, they 
returned to the White House.

[[Page 1695]]

    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Baltimore, MD, and 
in the evening returned to Washington, DC.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven B. Nesmith 
to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for 
Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations.

October 3

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Mikulas Dzurinda of Slovakia to congratulate him on his 
electoral victory. Later, he had intelligence and FBI briefings.

    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney and later met with the LULAC National Board of Directors.

    In the evening, in the State Dining Room at the White House, the 
President welcomed Blair House Gala participants.

October 4

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Boston, 
MA, and later to the Bush family home on Walker's Point in 
Kennebunkport, ME.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert J. Battista 
to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board and, upon 
confirmation, to designate him as Chairman.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Wilma B. Liebman 
to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board.

    The President announced his appointment of Timothy Alan Campen as 
Director of the Office of Administration.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Thomas C. Dorr as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Rural Telephone Bank.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Lili beginning October 1 and continuing.