Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 20 (Monday, May 20, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 20 (Monday, May 20, 2002)]
[Pages 845-846]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted May 13

 James E. Boasberg,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia for the term of 15 years, vice Gregory 
E. Mize, retired.

 Gene B. Christy,

 of Texas, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to Brunei Darussalam.

 Douglas L. Flory,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, 
Farm Credit Administration, for a term expiring October 13, 2006, vice 
Michael V. Dunn.

 Phyllis C. Hunter,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Institute for Literacy 
Advisory Board for a term of 2 years (new position).

 Kristie A. Kenny,

 of Maryland, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Ecuador.

 Susanne T. Mitchell,

 of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, vice 
Beth Susan Slavet.

 Barbara Calandra Moore,

 of Maryland, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Nicaragua.

[[Page 846]]

 Submitted May 15

 Charles E. Beach, Sr.,

 of Iowa, to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of Iowa for the 
term of 4 years, vice Phylliss Jeanette Henry, resigned.

 John William Blaney,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Liberia.

 Kevin Vincent Ryan,

 of California, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of 
California for the term of 4 years, vice Robert S. Mueller III.

 J.B. Van Hollen,

 of Wisconsin, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Wisconsin 
for the term of 4 years, vice Peggy A. Lautenschlager, resigned.
 Submitted May 16

 Emil H. Frankel,

 of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, vice 
Eugene A. Conti, Jr., resigned, to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Gerald Reynolds,

 of Missouri, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of 
Education, vice Norma V. Cantu, resigned, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Dennis L. Schornack,

 of Michigan, to be Commissioner on the part of the United States on the 
International Joint Commission, United States and Canada, vice Thomas L. 
Baldini, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Jeffrey Shane,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Deputy Secretary of 
Transportation, vice Stephen D. Van Beek, resigned, to which position he 
was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Michael E. Toner,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Federal Election 
Commission for a term expiring April 30, 2007, vice Darryl R. Wold, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.