Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 30 (Monday, July 29, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 30 (Monday, July 29, 2002)]
[Pages 1266-1267]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 21

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

July 22

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then traveled to Argonne, IL, and later returned to Washington, DC.

July 23

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. Also in the 
morning, he had a telephone conversation with President Megawati 
Sukarnoputri of Indonesia to discuss cooperation against terrorism and 
Secretary of State Colin Powell's upcoming visit to Southeast Asia.
    In the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met first with 
House Democrats and then with House Republicans to discuss homeland 
security. Later, he dropped

[[Page 1267]]

by a meeting between National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice and 
President Rafael Hipolito Mejia Dominguez of the Dominican Republic to 
discuss trade negotiations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Susan Schanlaber 
(historic preservation expert) and Emily Anne Rich Summers (public 
representative) as members of the Advisory Council on Historic 
Preservation.

July 24

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Speaker 
of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority 
Leader Tom Daschle, Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott, and House 
Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt to discuss foreign policy issues, 
including events in the Middle East, and the congressional agenda. He 
then had CIA and FBI briefings and met with the National Security 
Council.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Prime Minister Ranil 
Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka to discuss efforts to resolve the civil 
conflict in Sri Lanka and other issues. He then met with a group of 
Cabinet ministers from Afghanistan who were in Washington, DC, to attend 
a summit on recovery and reconstruction efforts in Afghanistan.
    In the afternoon, the President met with American missionary Gracia 
Burnham and other members of the Burnham family to express his 
condolences concerning the death of Gracia's husband, Martin, during the 
June 7 effort to rescue the couple from the Abu Sayyaf terrorist group 
which held them hostage in the Philippines. Later, in the Cabinet Room, 
he met with Republican Members of Congress to discuss homeland security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joaquin F. Blaya 
to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Juanita Alicia 
Vasquez-Gardner to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. 
Truman Scholarship Foundation (State court representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lyle Richard Brown 
as U.S. Commissioner and Presiding Officer of the Upper Colorado River 
Commission representing Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the National Cancer Advisory Board: John 
Edward Niederhuber, Marlys Jane Popma, and Franklyn Grenfel Pendergast 
(public representatives); Moon Shao-Chuang Chen, Jr., and Lydia Ryan 
(science/environmental carcinogens representatives); and Kenneth Harvey 
Cowan and Jean Bayhi deKernion (science representatives).

July 25

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he spoke 
to National Future Farmers of America State President's Conference 
participants.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to High Point, NC, where he 
participated in a roundtable discussion on medical liability reforms at 
High Point Regional Hospital. Later, he traveled to Greensboro, NC.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 26

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building, the President met with American Legion Boys Nation and Girls 
Nation participants.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James C. Miller 
III to be a Governor on the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal 
Service.
    The President announced his intention to appoint David Brady as a 
member of the National Historical Publications and Records Commission.