Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 42 (Monday, October 21, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 42 (Monday, October 21, 2002)]
[Pages 1809-1810]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 13

    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister John Howard of Australia to express his sympathy for the 
families of victims of the October 12 terrorist attack in Bali.

October 14

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
also had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the 
United Kingdom to discuss the situation in Northern Ireland and 
cooperation against terrorism.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Waterford, MI, where, 
upon arrival at Oakland County International Airport, he met with 
volunteer Lenwood ``Lenny'' Compton, Jr. Later, he traveled to Dearborn, 
MI, where he attended a Michigan Victory 2002 reception at the Ritz-
Carlton Hotel.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 15

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with the National Security Council.

October 16

    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Carlin Yates 
to be Ambassador to Ghana.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Blanquita Walsh 
Cullum to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.

[[Page 1810]]

October 17

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Megawati Sukarnoputri of Indonesia to express his condolences 
concerning the October 12 terrorist attack in Bali. He then had 
intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Atlanta, GA, where, 
upon arrival at Hartsfield Atlanta International Airport, he met with 
volunteer Jill Sieder, founder and coordinator of the East Atlanta Kids 
Club.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New Smyrna Beach, FL, 
where he participated in a roundtable discussion on education at Read-
Pattillo Elementary School. Later, he traveled to Daytona Beach, FL, 
where he attended a Florida Victory 2002 reception at a private 
residence.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada of Bolivia to the White House on November 14.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Science Board, National 
Science Foundation: Ray M. Bowen, Jo Anne Vasquez, Steven C. Beering, 
Barry C. Barish, Daniel E. Hastings, Kenneth M. Ford, Delores M. Etter, 
and Douglas D. Randall.

October 18

    In the morning, the President had intelligence briefings. Later, he 
traveled to Springfield, MO, and then to Rochester, MN. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to Camp David, MD.