Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 11 (Monday, March 18, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 11 (Monday, March 18, 2002)]
[Pages 431-432]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted March 13

 Gorden Edward Eden, Jr.,

 of New Mexico, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of New Mexico for 
the term of 4 years, vice John Steven Sanchez, term expired.

 David Phillip Gonzales,

 of Arizona, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Arizona for the term 
of 4 years, vice Alfred E. Madrid, term expired.

 David A. Gross,

 of Maryland, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as 
Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for International Communications and 
Information Policy in the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs and 
U.S. Coordinator for International Communications and Information 
Policy.

 William P. Kruziki,

 of Wisconsin, to be U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of Wisconsin 
for the term of 4 years, vice Nannette Holly Hegerty, term expired.

 John Lee Moore,

 of Texas, to be U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of Texas for the 
term of 4 years, vice Norris Batiste, Jr., term expired.

 Michael Pack,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2004, vice Darryl J. Gless, term 
expired.

 Charles M. Sheer,

 of Missouri, to be U.S. Marshal for the Western District of Missouri 
for the term of 4 years, vice Robert Bradford English, term expired.

 Harold D. Stratton,

 of New Mexico, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety 
Commission, vice Ann Brown.

 Harold D. Stratton,

 of New Mexico, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety 
Commission for the remainder of the term expiring October 26, 2006, vice 
Ann Brown.

[[Page 432]]

 Edward Zahren,

 of Colorado, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Colorado for the 
term of 4 years, vice Ernestine Rowe, term expired.
 Submitted March 14

 Steven Robert Blust,

 of Florida, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring 
June 30, 2006, vice Antony M. Merck, term expired.

 Celeste Colgan,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2008, vice Jon N. Moline, term expired.

 Phyllis K. Fong,

 of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Agriculture, vice 
Roger C. Viadero, resigned.

 W. Roy Grizzard,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor, vice John Martin 
Manley, resigned.

 Wilfred M. McClay,

 of Tennessee, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Bill Duke.

 Evelyn Dee Potter Rose,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a term 
expiring September 3, 2006, vice Richard J. Stern, term expired.