Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38 Issue 16 (Monday, April 22, 2002)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 38, Number 16 (Monday, April 22, 2002)]
[Pages 663-664]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 14

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

April 15

    In the morning, the President met with the National Security 
Council. He also met with Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cedar Rapids, IA. Upon 
his arrival at the airport, he met with senior volunteer Maxine Phipps. 
Later in the afternoon, he had a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel concerning the situation in the Middle 
East.
    In the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Regents of the Uniformed 
Services University of the Health Sciences: L.D. Britt, William C. De La 
Pena, Vinicio E. Madrigal, and Linda J. Stierle.

April 16

    In the morning, the President had CIA and FBI briefings. In the 
afternoon, he met with President Tarja Halonen of Finland in the Oval 
Office.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Crown 
Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, on 
April 25.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad of Malaysia to Washington on May 14.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Federal Home 
Mortgage Corporation: Cesar Benito Cabrera (real estate representative), 
Michelle Engler (community interests representative), David James 
Gribbin III (public representative), William Dodd Powers (mortgage 
lending representative), and Catherine Lynne Stepp (homebuilding 
representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bruce Growick, 
James R. Haring,

[[Page 664]]

and Janice Tuck as members of the Architectural and Transportation 
Barriers Compliance Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Federal National 
Mortgage Association: Victor Henderson Ashe (community interests 
representative), Molly Hering Bordonaro (real estate representative), 
William Robert Harvey (mortgage lending representative), Manuel J. 
Justiz (public representative), and Taylor C. Segue III (homebuilding 
representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert J. Cottrol, 
Timothy M. Hagle, and Allison H. Eid as members of the Permanent 
Committee for the Oliver Wendell Holmes Devise.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William Grayson as 
a member of the President's Commission on White House Fellows.

April 17

    In the morning, the President traveled to Lexington, VA, and later 
returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, he met with Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri of Lebanon 
concerning the situation in the Middle East.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Jean Chretien of Canada to express his condolences over 
the friendly fire incident earlier in the day near Kandahar, 
Afghanistan, where four Canadian soldiers were killed by a bomb from a 
U.S. fighter jet.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark W. Everson to 
be Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and 
Budget.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rebecca Lent as 
U.S. Commissioner of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission.

April 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to discuss peace efforts in the Middle East. He 
then had intelligence and FBI briefings. Later, he received notice that, 
in an apparent accident earlier in the morning, a small plane had 
crashed into a high-rise building in Milan, Italy.
    In the afternoon, he had lunch with Vice President Dick Cheney.

April 19

    In the morning, the President traveled to Beltsville, MD. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will host the U.S.-
European Union Summit in Washington, DC, on May 2.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain and Mrs. Aznar to Camp David 
on May 3-4.