Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 27 (Monday, July 12, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 27 (Monday, July 12, 1993)]
[Pages 1295-1296]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 4

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where 
he participated in a Liberty Bell ringing ceremony. Later in the 
afternoon, he traveled to Eldridge, IA, where he surveyed damage caused 
by severe flooding.
    In the evening, the President traveled to San Francisco, CA.

July 5

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Tokyo, Japan.

July 6

    After arriving in Tokyo in the late afternoon, the President met 
with Prime Minister Miyazawa of Japan at the Iikura House.

July 7

    In the morning, the President met with President Soeharto of 
Indonesia at the U.S. Embassy. In the afternoon, he met with Prime 
Minister John Major of the United Kingdom at the Okura Hotel.
    In the evening, the President attended a working dinner at the 
residence of Prime Minister Miyazawa.

July 8

    In the morning, the President attended sessions of the economic 
summit and a working luncheon at the Akasaka Palace. In the late 
afternoon, he met with Chancellor Helmut Kohl of Germany.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended a dinner 
hosted by Emperor Akihito at the Imperial Palace.

[[Page 1296]]

July 9

    In the morning, the President attended sessions of the economic 
summit at the Akasaka Palace.
    In the afternoon, the President attended a working luncheon with 
Prime Minister Kim Campbell of Canada at the residence of the U.S. 
Ambassador. He then returned to the Akasaka Palace to attend final 
sessions of the economic summit.
    The President named Gerald Corrigan, president and CEO of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, to be the Chairman of the Russian-
American Enterprise Fund.