Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 13 (Monday, April 5, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 13 (Monday, April 5, 1993)]
[Pages 506-507]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Certification of Major Narcotics Producing and Transit 
Countries

 March 31, 1993

Presidential Determination No. 93-18

Memorandum for the Secretary of State

Subject: Certification for Major Narcotics Producing and Transit 
Countries

    By virtue of the authority vested in me by section 490(b)(1)(B) of 
the Foreign Assist- 

[[Page 507]]

ance Act of 1961, as amended (``the Act''), I hereby determine and 
certify that the following major narcotics producing and/or major 
narcotics transit countries/dependent territories have cooperated fully 
with the United States, or taken adequate steps on their own, to achieve 
full compliance with the goals and objectives of the 1988 United Nations 
Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic 
Substances:
      The Bahamas, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, China, Colombia, Ecuador, 
      Guatemala, Hong Kong, India, Jamaica, Laos, Malaysia, Mexico, 
      Morocco, Nigeria, Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Thailand, and 
      Venezuela.
    By virtue of the authority vested in me by section 490(b)(1)(B) of 
the Act, I hereby determine that it is in the vital national interests 
of the United States to certify the following countries:
      Afghanistan and Lebanon.
    Information on these countries as required under section 490(b)(3) 
of the Act is enclosed.
    I have determined that the following major producing and/or major 
transit countries do not meet the standards set forth in section 
490(b)(1)(A):
      Burma, Iran, and Syria.
    In making these determinations, I have considered the factors set 
forth in section 490 of the Act, based on the information contained in 
the International Narcotics Control Strategy Report of 1993. Because the 
performance of these countries varies, I have attached an explanatory 
statement in each case.
    You are hereby authorized and directed to report this determination 
to the Congress immediately and to publish it in the Federal Register.
                                            William J. Clinton