Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 39 (Monday, October 4, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 39 (Monday, October 4, 1993)]
[Pages 1940-1941]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice on the Continuation of Haitian Emergency

 September 30, 1993

    On June 30, 1993, I issued Executive Order No. 12853, implementing 
United Nations Security Council Resolution 841 with respect to Haiti. 
That order required the blocking of Haitian nationals providing material 
assistance to the de facto regime in Haiti, and prohibited certain 
transactions with Haiti. These measures were imposed by United Nations 
member states to help ensure the return to power of the democratically 
elected government in Haiti. Executive Order No. 12853 further 
implements action taken by President Bush in Executive Order No. 12775 
of October 4, 1991, which de- 

[[Page 1941]]

clared a national emergency to deal with the unusual and extraordinary 
threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States 
posed by the grave events that had occurred in the Republic of Haiti to 
disrupt the legitimate exercise of power by the democratically elected 
government of that country. On October 28, 1991, by Executive Order No. 
12779, President Bush took additional measures by prohibiting, with 
certain exceptions, trade between the United States and Haiti.
    In the last 2 months, substantial progress has been made toward the 
restoration of democracy in Haiti. President Aristide, the 
democratically elected head of the Government of Haiti, and Lieutenant 
General Raoul Cedras of the de facto regime in Haiti entered into the 
July 3, 1993 Agreement of Governors Island, setting forth conditions for 
the restoration of democracy in Haiti. Pursuant to that Agreement, the 
United Nations Security Council (United Nations Security Council 
Resolution 861 of August 27, 1993) and the Organization of American 
States (Secretary General's announcement of August 27, 1993) have called 
upon member states to suspend, but not to terminate, sanctions against 
Haiti. Accordingly, on August 31, 1993, the United States prospectively 
suspended trade and financial sanctions against Haiti, while keeping 
certain assets of the government of Haiti blocked. Because not all 
conditions have been met for the full restoration of democracy in Haiti, 
the situation in Haiti continues to be of considerable concern to the 
United States. Accordingly, I am continuing the national emergency with 
respect to Haiti in accordance with section 202(d) of the National 
Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)). This notice shall be published in 
the Federal Register and transmitted to the Congress.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
September 30, 1993.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 11:13 a.m., September 
30, 1993]

Note: This notice was published in the Federal Register on October 1.