Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 21 (Monday, May 31, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 21 (Monday, May 31, 1993)]
[Page 949]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice on Continuation of Emergency With Respect to the Federal Republic 
of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro)

 May 25, 1993

    On May 30, 1992, by Executive Order No. 12808, President Bush 
declared a national emergency to deal with the unusual and extraordinary 
threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the 
United States constituted by the actions and policies of the Governments 
of Serbia and Montenegro, blocking all property and interests in 
property of those Governments. The President took additional measures to 
prohibit trade and other transactions with the Federal Republic of 
Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) by Executive Orders No. 12810 and No. 
12831, issued on June 5, 1992, and January 15, 1993, respectively. 
Because the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and 
Montenegro) has continued its actions and policies in support of groups 
seizing and attempting to seize territory in Croatia and Bosnia-
Hercegovina by force and violence, the national emergency declared on 
May 30, 1992, and the measures adopted pursuant thereto to deal with 
that emergency, must continue in effect beyond May 30, 1993. Therefore, 
in accordance with section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 
U.S.C. 1622(d)), I am continuing the national emergency with respect to 
the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro).

    This notice shall be published in the Federal Register and 
transmitted to the Congress.

                                            William J. Clinton

The White House,
May 25, 1993.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 10:33 a.m., May 25, 
1993]

Note: This notice was published in the Federal Register on May 26.