Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 18 (Monday, May 10, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 18 (Monday, May 10, 1993)]
[Page 789]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 1

    In the evening, the President attended the White House 
Correspondents' Association Dinner at the Washington Hilton.
    The White House announced that the President has appointed HHS 
Secretary Donna Shalala to head a delegation to the funeral of ANC 
leader Oliver Tambo in Johannesburg, South Africa, on May 2.

May 3

    The President announced that he selected Adm. David E. Jeremiah, 
Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as his special 
representative to the Australian-American Friendship Week, April 30 to 
May 8, in Canberra, Australia.

May 5

    In the afternoon, the President hosted a working lunch for a group 
of Democratic Senators.
    The White House announced the President has asked Ms. Robin L. 
Raphel, a career foreign service officer and one of the State 
Department's leading experts on South Asian affairs, to be his personal 
representative at the funeral of slain Sri Lankan President Ranasinghe 
Premadasa on May 6, in Colombo, Sri Lanka.

May 6

    In the afternoon, the President hosted a working lunch for a group 
of Republican Senators.
    In the evening, the President met with members of the Senate Finance 
Committee.

May 7

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended a 
reception in honor of the Commander-in-Chief, which included a Marine 
Corps evening parade, at the Marine Barracks in Washington, DC.
    The President today designated Securities and Exchange Commission 
member Mary Schapiro as Acting Chair of the SEC pending the confirmation 
of Chair-designate Arthur Levitt, Jr.