Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 46 (Monday, November 22, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 46 (Monday, November 22, 1993)]
[Pages 2407-2408]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Nominations Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Released November 16

Michael V. Dunn,

of Iowa, to be Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration, vice La 
Verne G. Ausman, resigned.
Released November 17

Jeanette W. Hyde,

of North Carolina, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to Barbados, and to serve concurrently and 
without additional compensation as Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Commonwealth of 
Dominica, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
States of America to St. Lucia, and Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to St. Vincent and the 
Grenadines.

Judith W. Rogers,

of the District of Columbia, to be U.S. circuit judge for the District 
of Columbia Circuit, vice Clarence Thomas.

Thomas I. Vanaskie,

of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. district judge for the Middle District of 
Pennsylvania (new position).
Released November 18

Maria Luisa Mabilangan Haley,

of Arkansas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-
Import Bank of the United States for the remainder of the term expiring 
January 20, 1995, vice Constance Bastine Harriman.

Frederick Gilbert Slabach,

of Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of Agriculture, vice 
Franklin Eugene Bailey, resigned.

James H. Scheuer,

of New York, to be U.S. Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development, vice William G. Curran, Jr.

Helen G. Berrigan,

of Louisiana, to be U.S. district judge for the Eastern District of 
Louisiana, vice Patrick E. Carr, retired.

Tucker L. Melancon,

of Louisiana, to be U.S. district judge for the Western District of 
Louisiana, vice Thomas E. Stagg, Jr., retired.

Robert Dale Ecoffey,

of South Dakota, to be U.S. marshal for the District of South Dakota for 
the term of 4 years, vice Gene G. Abdallah.

Rosa Maria Melendez,

of Washington, to be U.S. marshal for the Western District of Washington 
for the term of 4 years, vice Noreen T. Skagen.

Robert James Moore,

of Alabama, to be U.S. marshal for the Southern District of Alabama for 
the term of 4 years, vice Howard V. Adair.

James Robert Oakes,

of Louisiana, to be U.S. marshal for the Western District of Louisiana 
for the term of 4 years, vice Brian P. Joffrion.

Cleveland Vaughn,

of Nebraska, to be U.S. marshal for the District of Nebraska for the 
term of 4 years, vice Thomas A. O'Hara, Jr.

Richard Rand Rock II,

of Kansas, to be U.S. marshal for the District of Kansas for the term of 
4 years, vice Kenneth L. Pekarek.

William D. Hathaway,

of Maine, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for the term expiring 
June 30, 1998 (reappointment).

Hugh Dinsmore Black, Jr.,

of Arkansas, to be U.S. marshal for the Western District of Arkansas for 
the term of 4 years, vice James C. Patterson.

[[Page 2408]]

John B. Ritch III,

of the District of Columbia, to be the Representative of the United 
States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations and Deputy 
Representative of the United States of America to the International 
Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador.

Submitted November 19

Linda Hall Daschle,

of South Dakota, to be Deputy Administrator of the Federal Aviation 
Administration, vice Barry Lambert Harris, resigned.

Rebecca Aline Betts,

of West Virginia, to be U.S. attorney for the Southern District of West 
Virginia for the term of 4 years, vice Michael W. Carey, resigned.

Robert Charles Bundy,

of Alaska, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Alaska for the term 
of 4 years, vice Michael R. Spaan, resigned.

Larry Herbert Colleton,

of Florida, to be U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Florida for 
the term of 4 years, vice Robert W. Genzman, resigned.

Harry Donival Dixon, Jr.,

of Georgia, to be U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Georgia for 
the term of 4 years, vice Hinton R. Pierce, resigned.

Lezin Joseph Hymel, Jr.,

of Louisiana, to be U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana 
for the term of 4 years, vice Paul Raymond Lamonica.

David Lee Lillehaug,

of Minnesota, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Minnesota for the 
term of 4 years, vice Thomas B. Heffelfinger, resigned.

Kenneth Ray Oden,

of Texas, to be U.S. attorney for the Western District of Texas for the 
term of 4 years, vice Ronald F. Ederer, resigned.

Daniel J. Horgan,

of Florida, to be U.S. marshal for the Southern District of Florida for 
the term of 4 years (reappointment).

Patrick J. Wilkerson,

of Oklahoma, to be U.S. marshal for the Western District of Oklahoma for 
the term of 4 years, vice Stuart E. Earnest.

Shirley Sachi Sagawa,

of Virginia, to be a Managing Director of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service (new position).

George W. Haley,

of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the Postal Rate Commission for the 
term expiring October 14, 1998 (reappointment).

Peter S. Knight,

of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of 
the Communications Satellite Corporation until the date of the annual 
meeting of the Corporation in 1996, vice James B. Edwards.