Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 36 (Monday, September 13, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 36 (Monday, September 13, 1993)]
[Pages 1724-1726]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Nominations Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Submitted September 7

David J. Barram,

of California, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, vice Rockwell Anthony 
Schnabel, resigned.

Carol Bellamy,

of New York, to be Director of the Peace Corps, vice Elaine L. Chao, 
resigned.

Marian C. Bennett,

of the District of Columbia, to be Inspector General, United States 
Information Agency, vice George F. Murphy, Jr., resigned.

Alan John Blinken,

of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Belgium.

Parker W. Borg,

of Minnesota, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Iceland.

Eugene A. Brickhouse,

of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Human 
Resources and Administration), vice Ronald E. Ray, resigned.

Margaret V. W. Carpenter,

of California, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Agency for 
International Development, vice Reginald J. Brown, resigned.

Herbert L. Chabot,

of Maryland, to be a judge of the United States Tax Court for a term 
expiring 15 years after he takes office (reappointment).

The following named persons to be Assistant Secretaries of Labor:

    Joseph A. Dear, of Washington, vice Gerard F. Scannell, resigned.
    Martin John Manley, of California, vice Robert Michael Guttman, 
      resigned.

Edward P. Djerejian,

of Maryland, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to Israel.

Daniel A. Dreyfus,

of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste 
Management, Department of Energy, vice John Wesley Bartlett, resigned.

The following named persons to be members of the Board of Directors of 
the Legal Services Corporation for the terms indicated:
    Edna Fairbanks-Williams, of Vermont, for the term expiring July 13, 
      1995, vice Jeanine E. Wolbeck.
    Ernestine P. Watlington, of Pennsylvania, for the term expiring July 
      13, 1996, vice George W. Wittgraf.

[[Page 1725]]

Tobi Trister Gati,

of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary of State, vice Douglas P. 
Mulholland, resigned.

Gordon D. Giffin,

of Georgia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas 
Private Investment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 1993, 
vice Evan Griffith Galbraith, term expired.

Gordon D. Giffin,

of Georgia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas 
Private Investment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 1996 
(reappointment).

William J. Gilmartin,

of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development, vice Russell K. Paul, resigned.

Eduardo Gonzalez,

of Florida, to be Director of the United States Marshals Service, vice 
Henry Edward Hudson, resigned.

The following named persons to be members of the Assassination Records 
Review Board:

    Kermit L. Hall, of Oklahoma (new position).
    John R. Tunheim, of Minnesota (new position).

Jo Ann Harris,

of New York, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Robert S. Mueller 
III, resigned.

Swanee Grace Hunt,

of Colorado, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Austria.

Carol J. Lancaster,

of the District of Columbia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Agency 
for International Development, vice Mark L. Edelman, resigned.

Neal F. Lane,

of Oklahoma, to be Director of the National Science Foundation for a 
term of 6 years, vice Walter E. Massey, resigned.

Thomas A. Loftus,

of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Norway.

R. Noel Longuemare, Jr.,

of Maryland, to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, 
vice Donald C. Fraser, resigned.

Thomas Michael Tolliver Niles,

of Kentucky, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to Greece.

Steven O. Palmer,

of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, vice 
Michael James Toohey.

Edward Joseph Perkins,

of Oregon, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to Australia.

William Lacy Swing,

of North Carolina, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Haiti.

Richard W. Teare,

of Ohio, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to Papua New Guinea and to serve 
concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador 
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to 
Solomon Islands and Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Vanuatu.

Donald Richard Wurtz,

of California, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of Education, 
vice William Dean Hansen, resigned.

[[Page 1726]]

Linda Tsao Yang,

of California, to be U.S. Director of the Asian Development Bank, with 
the rank of Ambassador, vice Victor H. Frank, Jr., resigned.

David M. Barasch,

of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. attorney for the Middle District of 
Pennsylvania for the term of 4 years, vice David Dart Queen, resigned.

Veronica Freeman Coleman,

of Tennessee, to be U.S. attorney for the Western District of Tennessee 
for the term of 4 years, vice Edward G. Bryant, resigned.

Edward L. Dowd, Jr.,

of Missouri, to be U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri 
for the term of 4 years, vice Stephen B. Higgins.

Helen Frances Fahey,

of Virginia, to be U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia 
for the term of 4 years, vice Richard Cullen, resigned.

Claude Harris, Jr.,

of Alabama, to be U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Alabama for 
the term of 4 years, vice Jack W. Selden.

Kathryn E. Landreth,

of Nevada, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Nevada for the term 
of 4 years, vice William A. Maddox, resigned.

Jay Patrick McCloskey,

of Maine, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Maine for the term of 
4 years, vice Richard S. Cohen, resigned.

Betty Hansen Richardson,

of Idaho, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Idaho for the term of 
4 years, vice Maurice O. Ellsworth.

Edmund A. Sargus, Jr.,

of Ohio, to be U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Ohio for the 
term of 4 years, vice D. Michael Crites, resigned.

Henry Lawrence Solano,

of Colorado, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Colorado for the 
term of 4 years, vice Michael J. Norton, resigned.

Doris Meissner,

of Maryland, to be Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization, vice 
Gene McNary, resigned.