Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 38 (Monday, September 27, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 38 (Monday, September 27, 1993)]
[Page 1846]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 6596--National Rehabilitation Week, 1993 and 1994

 September 22, 1993

By the President of the United States

of America

A Proclamation

    Millions of Americans with disabilities are able to achieve 
independence and lead active, productive lives with the assistance of 
rehabilitation therapy. Estimates indicate that half of the Nation's 
population will at some point in their lives need assistance in 
overcoming some form of physical, mental, emotional, or social 
disability. ``National Rehabilitation Week'' seeks to recognize not only 
the individuals who have learned to cope with their disabilities but 
also the dedicated health care professionals who have provided 
assistance through research, education, and therapy.
    In tribute to these individuals and their many contributions to our 
society, the Congress, by Senate Joint Resolution 50, has designated the 
periods beginning September 19 and ending September 25, 1993, and 
beginning September 18 and ending September 24, 1994, as National 
Rehabilitation Week, and has authorized and requested the President to 
issue a proclamation in observance of these weeks.
    Now, Therefore, I, William J. Clinton, President of the United 
States of America, do hereby proclaim the periods beginning September 
19, 1993, and ending September 25, 1993, and beginning September 18, 
1994, and ending September 24, 1994, as National Rehabilitation Week. I 
call upon all Americans to observe these weeks with appropriate 
programs, ceremonies, and activities as an expression of their support.
    In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty-second 
day of September, in the year of our Lord nineteen hundred and ninety-
three, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two 
hundred and eighteenth.
                                            William J. Clinton

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 4:04 p.m., September 23, 
1993]

Note: This proclamation was published in the Federal Register on 
September 27.