Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 21 (Monday, May 31, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 21 (Monday, May 31, 1993)]
[Page 974]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Remarks Following the House Vote on the Budget

 May 27, 1993




    For a long time now, the American people have wondered whether their 
Government in Washington could ever really work for them again, ever 
really face the tough problems. Well, tonight the House of 
Representatives gave America a victory of growth over gridlock. Tonight, 
the House showed courage and conviction. Tonight, the House made hard 
choices: to cut a quarter of a billion dollars in spending; to ask those 
most able to pay, the wealthy, to do more to reduce our deficit; to 
increase incentives to invest and create jobs in the private sector; and 
to provide the incentives to make people at the bottom rungs of the 
economy prefer work over welfare. Tonight, the House said ``no'' to 
gridlock, ``no'' to the status quo, and ``no'' to the special interests 
who worked so very hard to frighten millions of Americans about this 
program. Tonight, the House said ``yes'' to jobs, ``yes'' to lowering 
the deficit, ``yes'' to lower interest rates, ``yes'' to a brighter 
future.
    Tomorrow, we go on to the Senate, and we go back to the country. We 
have broken the gridlock. We are taking responsibility for the future. 
We are dealing with the tough problems. I am very, very proud of the 
people who tonight cast a very tough vote in a hard environment for a 
better tomorrow for America.
    Thank you very much.

Note: The President spoke at 9:40 p.m. in the Rose Garden at the White 
House.