Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 8 (Monday, March 1, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 8 (Monday, March 1, 1993)]
[Pages 328-329]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Announcement of Nomination for Two Sub-Cabinet Posts

 February 26, 1993

    President Clinton today announced his intention to nominate Jamie 
Gorelick to be General Counsel of the Department of Defense and Jean 
Hanson to be General Counsel of the Treasury Department.

    ``Jamie Gorelick and Jean Hanson are two of the most qualified 
people in the country for these important positions,'' said the 
President. ``Each of them combines impressive legal expertise and 
private sector experience with a demonstrable commitment to public 
service.''

    Ms. Gorelick has been a partner in the Washington law firm of 
Miller, Cassidy, Larroca & Lewin since 1980. Her previous Government 
service includes a position as Counsellor to the Deputy Secretary and 
Assistant to the Secretary of Energy from 1979 to 1980, during which 
time she also served as Vice Chairman of the Task Force on Evaluation of 
the Audit, Investigative and Inspection Components of the Department of 
Defense.

    Ms. Hanson has been a partner in the law firm of Fried, Frank, 
Harris, Shriver & Jacobson, since 1983, and has been with that firm 
since 1976. She had previously served as a clerk in the Office of 
Minnesota State Public Defender and as probation officer in Hennepin 
County, MN. She has been active on corporate finance and securities 
regulation issues and has been profiled in various publications as a 
``rising star'' in the legal field. Ms. Hanson, a native of Rochester, 
MN, is a graduate of Luther College and the University of Minnesota Law 
School. She lives in Bronxville, NY.


[[Page 329]]



Note: Secretarial sub-Cabinet appointments attached to this announcement 
are listed in the Digest.