Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 39 (Monday, October 4, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 39 (Monday, October 4, 1993)]
[Pages 1935-1936]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 12868--Measures To Restrict the Participation by United 
States Persons in Weapons Proliferation Activities

 September 30, 1993

    By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and 
the laws of the United States of America, including section 203 of the 
International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702), the 
National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), the Export 
Administration Act of 1979, as amended (50 U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.), 
and section 301 of title 3 of the United States Code,
    I, William J. Clinton, President of the United States of America, 
find that the proliferation of nuclear, biological and chemical weapons, 
and of the means of delivering such weapons, constitutes an unusual and 
extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and 
economy of the United States, and hereby declare a national emergency to 
deal with that threat.
    Accordingly, in light of the revocation of Executive Order No. 12730 
of September 30, 1990, and in order to limit the participation by United 
States persons in weapons proliferation activities, it is hereby ordered 
as follows:
    Section 1. The Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the 
Secretary of State, is hereby authorized and directed to take such 
actions, including the promulgation of

[[Page 1936]]

rules, regulations, and amendments thereto, as may be necessary to 
continue to regulate the activities of United States persons in order to 
prevent their participation in activities that could contribute to the 
proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the means of their 
delivery, as provided in the Export Administration Regulations, set 
forth at 15 CFR sections 768-799 (1993).
    Sec. 2. Nothing in this order is intended to affect the continued 
effectiveness of any rules, regulations, orders, licenses, or other 
forms of administrative action issued, taken, or continued in effect 
heretofore or hereafter under the authority of the Export Administration 
Act, or the authorities provided under Executive Order No. 12730 of 
September 30, 1990, and Executive Order No. 12735 of November 16, 1990.
    Sec. 3. This order shall take effect immediately.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
September 30, 1993.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 12:44 p.m., October 1, 
1993]

Note: This Executive order was published in the Federal Register on 
October 4.