Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 37 (Monday, September 20, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 37 (Monday, September 20, 1993)]
[Pages 1808-1809]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Nominations Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Submitted September 14

Daniel L. Spiegel,

of Virginia, to be the Representative of the United States of America to 
the European Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador.
Submitted September 15

Shirley Sears Chater,

of Texas, to be Commissioner of Social Security, vice Gwendolyn S. King, 
resigned.

The following-named persons to be the Representative and Alternate 
Representatives of the United States of America to the 37th Session of 
the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency:

Representative:

    Hazel Rollins O'Leary, of Minnesota

Alternate Representatives:

    Ivan Selin, of the District of Columbia
    Jane E. Becker, of the District of Columbia
Submitted September 16

Kathy Elena Jurado,

of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Public and 
Intergovernmental Affairs), vice Edward T. Timperlake, resigned.

Robert W. Perciasepe,

of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency, vice LaJuana Sue Wilcher, resigned.

John Calhoun Wells,

of Texas, to be Federal Mediation and Conciliation Director, vice 
Bernard E. DeLury, resigned.

Lauri Fitz-Pegado,

of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General 
of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, vice Susan Carol 
Schwab, resigned.

Elliott Pearson Laws,

of Virginia, to be Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste, 
Environmental Protection Agency, vice Don R. Clay, resigned.

Lynn R. Goldman,

of California, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances of the 
Environmental Protection Agency, vice Linda J. Fisher, resigned.
Submitted September 17

Theresa Anne Tull,

of New Jersey, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to Brunei Darussalam.

Corlis Smith Moody,

of Minnesota, to be Director of the Office of Minority Economic Impact, 
Department of Energy, vice Melva G. Wray, resigned.

Jon Ernest DeGuilio,

of Indiana, to be U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Indiana for 
the term of 4 years, vice John F. Hoehner, resigned.

[[Page 1809]]

Christopher Droney,

of Connecticut, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Connecticut for 
the term of 4 years, vice Stanley A. Twardy, Jr., resigned.

Peggy A. Lautenschlager,

of Wisconsin, to be U.S. attorney for the Western District of Wisconsin 
for the term of 4 years, vice Kevin C. Potter, resigned.

Thomas Paul Schneider,

of Wisconsin, to be U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin 
for the term of 4 years, vice John E. Fryatt, resigned.

Emily Margaret Sweeney,

of Ohio, to be U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Ohio for the 
term of 4 years, vice Joyce J. George, resigned.