Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 46 (Monday, November 22, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 46 (Monday, November 22, 1993)]
[Pages 2405-2407]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 13

    In the morning, the President traveled to Memphis, TN, and returned 
to Washington, DC, in the evening.

November 16

    In the morning, the President met with Richard Spring, Deputy Prime 
Minister and Foreign Minister of Ireland. In the afternoon, the 
President met with Mieko and

[[Page 2406]]

Masaichi Hattori, parents of Japanese exchange student Yoshihiro 
Hattori, who was killed in Louisiana last year.
    The President announced the following Senior Executive Service 
appointments:

Department of Labor

    --T. Michael Kerr, Director, Executive Secretariat;
    --Meridith Miller, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Pension and Welfare 
      Benefits Administration;
    --Robert M. Portman, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of the 
      American Workplace;
    --Robert A. Rodriguez, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Policy; 
      and
    --Michael A. Silverstein, Director of Policy, Occupational Safety 
      and Health Administration.

Department of Energy

    --Agnes P. Dover, Deputy General Counsel for Legal Services.

November 17

    The President made available FY 1993 emergency appropriations for 
the Department of Agriculture to be used for watershed protection 
systems damaged by flooding along the Mississippi River and its 
tributaries and to continue implementation of the new emergency wetlands 
program that allows the voluntary conversion of certain cropland to 
wetlands.

November 18

    In the late morning, the President traveled to Seattle, WA. In the 
afternoon, he met with Prime Minister Chuan Likphai of Thailand at the 
Westin Hotel.

November 19

    In the morning, the President went to the Rainier Club where he met 
with Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa of Japan and, later in the 
afternoon, with President Jiang Zemin of China. Following the meetings, 
the President greeted APEC leaders in the Main Dining Room. He then he 
attended a reception given by the Seattle APEC Host Committee at the 
Seattle Art Museum and returned to the Westin Hotel.
    In the evening, the President went to the Four Seasons Hotel for a 
working dinner with APEC leaders and later returned to the Westin Hotel.
    The President announced that he has appointed 10 members to the 
National Partnership Council, which was created by Executive order 
earlier this year following a recommendation of the National Performance 
Review headed by the Vice President. The members are:
    --James B. King, Director of the Office of Personnel Management;
    --Thomas Glynn, Deputy Secretary of Labor;
    --Philip Lader, Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management 
      and Budget;
    --Jean McKee, Chairman, Federal Labor Relations Authority;
    --John Calhoun Wells, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Director;
    --George Munoz, Chief Financial Officer, Department of the Treasury;
    --Edwin Dorn, Assistant Secretary of Defense;
    --Robert M. Tobias, president, National Treasury Employees Union;
    --John N. Sturdivant, president, American Federation of Government 
      Employees, AFL-CIO;
    --Robert S. Keener, president, National Federation of Federal 
      Employees; and
    --John F. Leydon, secretary-treasurer, Public Employees Department, 
      AFL-CIO.
    The President announced the following Senior Executive Service 
appointments:

Department of Agriculture

    --Deborah A. Dawson, Executive Assistant to the Administrator, 
      Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service; and
    --Paul Scott Shearer, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Congressional 
      Relations.

Department of the Treasury

    --Glen Arlen Kohl, Tax Legislative Counsel;
    --Eric J. Toder, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Tax Analysis; and
    --Jacqueline J. Wong, Senior Adviser to the Assistant Secretary for 
      Tax Policy.

[[Page 2407]]