Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 32 (Monday, August 16, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 32 (Monday, August 16, 1993)]
[Pages 1614-1616]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Nominations Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Submitted August 6 \1\
    \1\ These nominations were not received in time for publication in 
the appropriate issue.

Pierre N. Leval,

of New York, to be U.S. circuit judge for the second circuit, vice 
George C. Pratt, retired.

M. Blane Michael,

of West Virginia, to be U.S. circuit judge for the fourth circuit, vice 
James M. Sprouse, retired.

Martha Craig Daughtrey,

of Tennessee, to be U.S. circuit judge for the sixth circuit (new 
position).

[[Page 1615]]

Leonie M. Brinkema,

of Virginia, to be U.S. district judge for the Eastern District of 
Virginia, vice Albert V. Bryan, Jr., retired.

Deborah K. Chasanow,

of Maryland, to be U.S. district judge for the District of Maryland, 
vice Alexander Harvey II, retired.

Jennifer B. Coffman,

of Kentucky, to be U.S. district judge for the Eastern and Western 
Districts of Kentucky, vice Eugene E. Siler, Jr., elevated.

Peter J. Messitte,

of Maryland, to be U.S. district judge for the District of Maryland, 
vice Joseph Howard, retired.

Lawrence L. Piersol,

of South Dakota, to be U.S. district judge for the District of South 
Dakota, vice Donald J. Porter, retired.

Thomas M. Shanahan,

of Nebraska, to be U.S. district judge for the District of Nebraska (new 
position).

David G. Trager,

of New York, to be U.S. district judge for the Eastern District of New 
York (new position).

Martha A. Vazquez,

of New Mexico, to be U.S. district judge for the District of New Mexico, 
vice Santiago E. Campos, retired.

Alexander Williams, Jr.,

of Maryland, to be U.S. district judge for the District of Maryland, 
vice Norman P. Ramsey, retired.

William Roy Wilson, Jr.,

of Arkansas, to be U.S. district judge for the Eastern District of 
Arkansas, vice G. Thomas Eisele, retired.

David P. Rawson,

of Michigan, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Rwanda.

Daniel Collins,

of Ohio, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the National 
Railroad Passenger Corporation for a term of 4 years, vice Charles Luna, 
term expired.

Richard A. Boucher,

of Maryland, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Cyprus.

Diane Blair,

of Arkansas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 1998, vice 
Sharon Percy Rockefeller, term expired.

The following-named persons to be members of the Board of Directors of 
the Legal Services Corporation for the terms indicated:

For terms expiring July 13, 1995:

    Hulett Hall Askew, of Georgia, vice William Lee Kirk, Jr.
    Laveeda Morgan Battle, of Alabama, vice J. Blakeley Hall.
    John G. Brooks, of Massachusetts, vice Guy V. Molinari.
    Nancy Hardin Rogers, of Ohio, vice Jo Betts Love.

For terms expiring July 13, 1996:

    Douglas S. Eakeley, of New Jersey, vice Basile J. Uddo.
    F. William McCalpin, of Missouri, vice Penny L. Pullen.
    Maria Luisa Mercado, of Texas, vice Thomas D. Rath.
    Thomas F. Smegal, Jr., of California, vice Norman D. Shumway.
    John T. Broderick, Jr., of New Hampshire, vice Howard H. Dana, Jr.

William B. Gould IV,

of California, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the remainder of the term expiring August 27, 1993, vice Clifford R. 
Oviatt, Jr., resigned.

William B. Gould IV,

of California, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring August 27, 1998 (reappointment).

[[Page 1616]]

Leslie M. Alexander,

of Florida, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Mauritius, and to serve concurrently and 
without additional compensation as Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Federal and 
Islamic Republic of the Comoros.

Einar V. Dyhrkopp,

of Illinois, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for 
the term expiring December 8, 2001.

Lynne Ann Battaglia,

of Maryland, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Maryland for the 
term of 4 years, vice Richard D. Bennett, resigned.

Paula Jean Casey,

of Arkansas, to be U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas 
for the term of 4 years, vice Charles A. Banks, resigned.

Paul Edward Coggins,

of Texas, to be U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Texas for the 
term of 4 years, vice Marvin Collins, resigned.

Paul Kinloch Holmes III,

of Arkansas, to be U.S. attorney for the Western District of Arkansas 
for the term of 4 years, vice J. Michael Fitzhugh.

Scott M. Matheson, Jr.,

of Utah, to be U.S. attorney for the District of Utah for the term of 4 
years, vice David J. Jordan, resigned.

Joseph Preston Strom, Jr.,

of South Carolina, to be U.S. attorney for the District of South 
Carolina for the term of 4 years, vice John S. Simmons, resigned.

Jane Alexander,

of New York, to be Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts 
for a term of 4 years, vice John E. Frohnmayer, resigned.

John D. Negroponte,

of New York, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Republic of the Philippines.

Richard N. Gardner,

of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Spain.

Peter F. Romero,

of Florida, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Ecuador.

Morton H. Halperin,

of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, 
vice David J. Gribbin III, resigned.

Frederick F.Y. Pang,

of Hawaii, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, vice Barbara 
Spyridon Pope, resigned.

Katharine G. Abraham,

of Iowa, to be Commissioner of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of 
Labor, for a term of 4 years, vice Janet L. Norwood, term expired.

Robert P. Crouch, Jr.,

of Virginia, to be U.S. attorney for the Western District of Virginia 
for the term of 4 years, vice E. Montgomery Tucker, resigned.

John Despres,

of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, 
vice Quincy Mellon Krosby.

Joseph Swerdzewski,

of Colorado, to be General Counsel of the Federal Labor Relations 
Authority for a term of 5 years, vice Alan Robert Swendiman, resigned.