Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 46 (Monday, November 22, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 46 (Monday, November 22, 1993)]
[Page 2405]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress Transmitting the Russia-U.S. Fishery Agreement

 November 19, 1993

To the Congress of the United States:

    In accordance with the Magnuson Fishery Conservation and Management 
Act of 1976 (Public Law 94-265; 16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), I transmit 
herewith an Agreement Between the Government of the United States of 
America and the Government of the Russian Federation Amending and 
Extending the Agreement on Mutual Fisheries Relations of May 31, 1988. 
The agreement, which was effected by an exchange of notes at Washington 
on March 11 and September 15, 1993, extends the 1988 agreement through 
December 31, 1998. This agreement also amends the 1988 agreement by 
simplifying the provisions relating to the issuance of licenses by each 
Party to vessels of the other Party that wish to conduct operations in 
its 200-mile zone and by adding the requirement that the Parties 
exchange data relating to such fishing operations. The exchange of notes 
together with the present agreement constitute a governing international 
fishery agreement within the meaning of section 201(c) of the Act.
    The agreement provides opportunities for nationals and vessels from 
each country to continue to conduct fisheries activities on a reciprocal 
basis in the other country's waters. The agreement also continues a 
framework for cooperation between the two countries on other fisheries 
issues of mutual concern. Since the 1988 agreement expired October 28, 
1993, and U.S. fishermen are conducting operations in Russian waters, I 
strongly recommend that the Congress consider issuance of a joint 
resolution to bring this agreement into force at an early date.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
November 19, 1993.