Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 28 (Monday, July 19, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 28 (Monday, July 19, 1993)]
[Page 1348]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 10

    In the late morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled from 
Tokyo, Japan, to Seoul, South Korea.

July 11

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with President Kim Young 
Sam of South Korea in the Blue House garden.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Honolulu, HI.\1\
    \1\ The President and Hillary Clinton crossed the international 
dateline on their trip to Hawaii, arriving in Honolulu on Sunday 
morning.
    After arriving in Honolulu in the early morning, the President had 
breakfast with servicemen at the Pearl Harbor Naval Base. After the 
breakfast, the President and Hillary Clinton participated in a wreath-
laying ceremony at the U.S.S. Arizona Memorial. The President then 
attended briefings at the CINCPAC headquarters at Camp H.M. Smith.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended a dinner 
for Governor John Waihee.

July 13

    In the late evening, the President traveled to Des Moines, IA.

July 14

    In the morning, the President took a helicopter tour of the damage 
caused by severe flooding in Iowa. In the evening, the President 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced that he has added 87 more counties in the 
State of Iowa to the Presidential major disaster declaration of July 9, 
1993, allowing flood victims to be eligible for Federal assistance. The 
additions bring to 99 the number of counties in Iowa that are eligible 
for Federal assistance to affected residents and businesses.

July 15

    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with the Vice President.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph Swerzewski 
to be General Counsel of the Federal Labor Relations Authority and Alice 
Dear to be Executive Director of the African Development Bank, and to 
renominate William Hathaway as a member and Chair of the Federal 
Maritime Commission.