Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 7 (Monday, February 22, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 7 (Monday, February 22, 1993)]
[Pages 226-227]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 13

    In the morning, the President participated in a CIA briefing at the 
White House.

February 14

    In the morning, the President went to Haines Point, East Potomac 
Park, Washington, DC, where he signed a proclamation designating 
February as ``American Heart Month'' and then ran in the American Heart 
Association's ``Run for Heart''.

February 15

    In the morning, the President participated in CIA and national 
security briefings at the White House. He later had a telephone 
conversation with President Francois Mitterrand of France.

[[Page 227]]

    In the afternoon, the President met with Senator J. Bennett 
Johnston, Congressman Martin Sabo, and Senator Bill Bradley.

February 16

    In the morning, the President participated in CIA and national 
security briefings. He then met with Senator Jim Sasser.
    In the afternoon, the President toured a road construction site at 
South Dakota Avenue, NE, Washington, DC, and met with construction 
workers. Later in the afternoon, the President met with Senator Daniel 
P. Moynihan and Congressman Dan Rostenkowski.

February 17

    In the morning, the President participated in CIA and national 
security briefings.
    At noon, the President met with news media anchors during lunch. In 
the afternoon, he met with Secretary of State Warren Christopher and 
later had a telephone conversation with Ross Perot.

February 18

    In the morning, the President participated in CIA and national 
security briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO, where he 
gave an address at Union Station and then traveled to Chillicothe, OH.

February 19

    In the morning, the President spoke at Chillicothe High School in 
Chillicothe, OH, and later he held interviews with local TV stations.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Hyde Park, NY, where he 
visited the Haviland Middle School and gave an address. He later visited 
the Franklin D. Roosevelt Library where he held local interviews before 
returning to Washington, DC, in the evening.