Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 28 (Monday, July 19, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 28 (Monday, July 19, 1993)]
[Page 1297]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Assistance for Haiti

 June 25, 1993

Presidential Determination No. 93-28

Memorandum for the Secretary of State,

the Secretary of Defense

Subject: Presidential Determination on Haiti Reconstruction and 
Reconciliation Fund

    Pursuant to the authority vested in me by section 614(a) of the 
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended (the ``Act''), I hereby:
    (1) determine that it is important to the security interests of the 
United States to furnish to Haiti up to $36.4 million in assistance from 
Development Assistance obligated for Haiti, and under Chapters 4, 5, and 
6 of Part II of the Act from Economic Support Funds (ESF) previously 
allocated for Peru and ESF deobligated from Bolivia, without regard to 
sections 513 and 518 of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and 
Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1993 (Public Law 102-391), and 
sections 620(q) and 660 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as 
amended (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), or any other provision of law within 
the scope of section 614;
    (2) determine that it is vital to the national security interests of 
the United States to furnish up to $918,000 in assistance under section 
23 of the Arms Export Control Act from Foreign Military Financing (FMF) 
funds previously obligated for Haiti and $250,000 in FMF previously 
obligated for Peru, without regard to section 513, the proviso in 
section 515(b), and section 518 of the Foreign Operations, Export 
Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1993 (Public Law 
102-391), and sections 620(q) and 660 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 
1961, as amended (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), or any other provision of law 
within the scope of section 614; and
    (3) authorize the furnishing of such assistance and the making and 
financing of such sales.
    By virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws 
of the United States, including section 301 of title 3, United States 
Code, and section 621 of the Act, I hereby:
    (1) delegate to the Secretary of State the authority conferred upon 
the President to make determinations under section 610 of the Act for 
the purpose of transferring ESF funds available for assistance described 
in paragraph (1) of this determination to, and consolidating such funds 
with, funds available under Chapters 5 and 6 of Part II of the Act for 
Haiti; and
    (2) authorize the Secretary of State to take any other actions 
appropriate with respect to such a transfer.
    The Secretary of State is hereby authorized and directed to transmit 
this determination to the Congress and to arrange for its publication in 
the Federal Register.
                                            William J. Clinton

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 3:14 p.m., July 9, 1993]

Note: This memorandum was published in the Federal Register on July 13. 
This item was not received in time for publication in the appropriate 
issue.