Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 42 (Monday, October 25, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 42 (Monday, October 25, 1993)]
[Pages 2110-2111]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Congressional Action on Department of Commerce 
Appropriations

 October 19, 1993

    The House/Senate conference decision to bolster the Department of 
Commerce FY94 budget to $3.56 billion, a 12.6 percent increase over FY93 
levels of $3.16 billion, represents a vote of confidence in this 
administration's investment priorities and in the Department of 
Commerce. The budget increases reflect the increased responsibilities of 
the Commerce Department under the leadership of Secretary Ron Brown.
    Congress' decision hits a home run for this administration's 
civilian technology and defense conversion policies. It demonstrates the 
importance of our efforts to promote economic growth through civilian 
technology and address the aftermath of economic dislocation resulting 
from the end of the cold war. Their decision affirms our goal of 
building a stronger, more competitive private sector able to maintain 
U.S. leadership in critical world markets.

[[Page 2111]]

    Highlights of the Commerce appropriations include:
<bullet>    $80 million for defense conversion. These funds will provide 
            a much needed boost to the Economic Development 
            Administration's programs to assist communities that have 
            been impacted by the end of the cold war.
<bullet>    $520.2 million for the National Institute of Standards and 
            Technology (NIST). NIST will be able to bolster its 
            technology outreach programs, the advanced technology 
            program, and the manufacturing extension partnership.
<bullet>    $70.9 million for the National Telecommunication and 
            Information Administration. The NTIA appropriation will set 
            a speedy pace for this agency's lead role in fulfilling this 
            administration's goal of an information superhighway, as 
            outlined by the ``National Information Infrastructure: 
            Agenda for Action.''
    I commend the congressional leadership, Senator Ernest Hollings, 
Senator Pete Domenici, Congressman Neal Smith, and Congressman Harold 
Rogers, for their foresight and support in revitalizing this country 
through these programs. It is a dramatic step forward for the United 
States toward a solid economic future.