Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 46 (Monday, November 22, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 46 (Monday, November 22, 1993)]
[Pages 2352-2353]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Appointment of Members of the    J. William Fulbright Foreign 
Scholarship Board

 November 12, 1993

    The President appointed four members today to the J. William 
Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board, which selects students, scholars, 
teachers, and trainees to participate in educational exchanges as 
Fulbright scholars. It also finances educational activities for 
Americans abroad and for foreign citizens in the United States and 
promotes American

[[Page 2353]]

studies in foreign countries and foreign language training and area 
training in the United States. The Board is comprised of 12 members, 
appointed by the President. The new members appointed today are Victoria 
Murphy of Maine, Hoyt Purvis of Arkansas, Robert Rose of Connecticut, 
and Lee Williams of Arkansas.
    ``Like many Arkansans, I have long regarded Senator William 
Fulbright as both a role model and a mentor,'' said the President. ``The 
Fulbright scholarships are his most lasting achievement. I trust that 
these four Board members, two of whom served on his staff, will work to 
preserve his legacy.''

Note: Biographies of the appointees were made available by the Office of 
the Press Secretary. The Office of the Press Secretary also issued a 
clarification stating that the appointment of Hoyt Purvis will take 
effect on January 1, 1994, while the other appointments are effective 
immediately. This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.