Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 49 (Monday, December 13, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 49 (Monday, December 13, 1993)]
[Pages 2564-2565]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 5

    In the early morning, the President returned to Washington, DC, from 
Los Angeles, CA.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton hosted a reception 
in recognition of the 1993 Kennedy Center honorees. Following the 
reception, they went to the John F. Kennedy Center where they attended 
the Kennedy Center Honors program.

December 7

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Kim Yong-sam of South Korea. In the late morning, the 
President met with Mayor-elect Rudy Giuliani of New York City. Following 
the meeting, the President had lunch with business leaders. In the late 
afternoon, the President met with a group of Buffalo Soldiers.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton hosted a 
congressional holiday ball.

December 8

    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Godfrey Sperling 
Group columnists at Blair House. Later that afternoon, the President met 
with a group of children from the Washington, DC, Jewish Community 
Center's afterschool program to commemorate the first night of Hanukkah.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald B. Lewis to 
be the Chair of the Administrative Conference of the United States.

December 9

    The White House announced that the President and President Hafiz al-
Asad of Syria have agreed to meet in Geneva in January 1994.
    The President had a telephone conversation with Jacques Delors, 
President of the Commission of the European Union, to discuss GATT 
agreements.
    The President announced he intends to appoint Cathryn Buford Slater 
to be the Chair of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation. He 
also appointed GSA Administrator Roger Johnson, Transportation Secretary 
Federico Pena, and EPA Administrator Carol Browner to be members of the 
Council.

December 10

    The President announced that he intends to nominate Edward J. 
Gleiman to be a commissioner of the Postal Rate Commission, and to 
designate him as the Commission's Chair pending his confirmation by the 
Senate.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter Y. Chiu and 
Alan Craig Kessler to the Risk Assessment and Management Commission.
    The President today made available $60 million in previously 
appropriated funds to the Corps of Engineers for the repair of levees 
damaged in the Midwest floods.
    The President today made available to the Departments of 
Transportation and Commerce $31.4 million in emergency funding for 
highway repair in the flood-ravaged Midwest and for other disaster 
recovery efforts.

[[Page 2565]]

    The President appointed the following individuals to Senior 
Executive Service positions:

Department of Agriculture

    Kenneth Ackerman, Manager, Federal Crop Insurance Corporation.
    Neal Flieger, Deputy Administrator, IGA and Disaster Assistance, 
Food and Nutrition Service.

Department of Commerce

    Sally C. Ericsson, Associate Deputy Under Secretary, Economic and 
Statistics Administration.
    Susan Fruchter, Counselor to the Under Secretary, National Oceanic 
and Atmospheric Administration.
    C. Howie Hodges II, Assistant Director for Program Development, 
Minority Business Development Agency.

Department of Education

    Naomi Katherine Karp, Special Adviser to the Assistant Secretary, 
Office of Education Research and Improvement.

Department of Housing and Urban Development

    Kevin Marchman, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Distressed and Troubled 
Housing, Office of Public and Indian Housing.

Department of the Interior

    E. Thomas Tuchmann, Special Assistant to the Secretary.

Department of Justice

    Paul Bender, Principal Deputy Solicitor General.
    Kevin V. Di Gregory, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Criminal 
Division.
    John M. Horgan, Special Assistant to the Attorney General.
    H. Jefferson Powell, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of 
Legal Counsel.
    Laurie Overby Robinson, Associate Deputy Attorney General.

Department of State

    Johannes Albert Binnendijk, Principal Deputy Director, Policy 
Planning Staff.

Department of Transportation

    Gloria Jeff, Associate Administrator for Policy, Federal Highway 
Administration.
    George Reagle, Associate Administrator, Motor Carrier.