Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 42 (Monday, October 25, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 42 (Monday, October 25, 1993)]
[Pages 2122-2123]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 12874--Establishing an Emergency Board To Investigate a 
Dispute Between the Long Island Rail Road and Certain of Its Employees 
Represented by the United Transportation Union

 October 20, 1993

    A dispute exists between The Long Island Rail Road and certain of 
its employees represented by the United Transportation Union.
    The dispute has not heretofore been adjusted under the provisions of 
the Railway Labor Act, as amended (the``Act'').
    A party empowered by the Act has requested that the President 
establish an emergency board pursuant to section 9A of the Act (45 
U.S.C. 159a).
    Section 9A(c) of the Act provides that the President, upon such 
request, shall appoint an emergency board to investigate and report on 
the dispute.
    Now, Therefore, by the authority vested in me by section 9A of the 
Act, it is hereby ordered as follows:
    Section 1. Establishment of Board. There is established, effective 
October 20, 1993, a

[[Page 2123]]

board of three members to be appointed by the President to investigate 
this dispute. No member shall be pecuniarily or otherwise interested in 
any organization of railroad employees or any carrier. The board shall 
perform its functions subject to the availability of funds.
    Sec. 2. Report. The Board shall report its findings to the President 
with respect to the dispute within 30 days after the date of its 
creation.
    Sec. 3. Maintaining Conditions. As provided by section 9A(c) of the 
Act, from the date of the creation of the board and for 120 days 
thereafter, no change, except by agreement of the parties, shall be made 
by the carrier or the employees in the conditions out of which the 
dispute arose.
    Sec. 4. Expiration. The board shall terminate upon the submission of 
the report provided for in Section 2 of this order.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
October 20, 1993.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 11:22 a.m., October 21, 
1993]

Note: The Executive order was published in the Federal Register on 
October 22.