Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 4 (Monday, February 1, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 4 (Monday, February 1, 1993)]
[Page 100]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Nomination of Jim King To Be Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management

 January 26, 1993

    President Clinton today announced that he intends to nominate Jim 
King as Director of the Office of Personnel Management.
    ``Jim King will bring invaluable expertise, knowledge, and 
enthusiasm to the Office of Personnel Management,'' said President 
Clinton.
    Mr. King currently serves as chief of staff for U.S. Senator John 
Kerry. He previously served as senior vice president for government and 
community affairs at Northeastern University and Special Assistant to 
the President in the Office of Presidential Personnel during the Carter 
administration. Other experience includes chairman of the board of the 
Massachusetts Aeronautics Commission; associate vice president, State 
and community affairs, at Harvard University; and Chairman of the Board 
and member of the National Transportation and Safety Board.
    The Office of Personnel Management administers a merit system for 
Federal employment that includes recruiting, examining, training, and 
promoting people on the basis of their knowledge and skills, regardless 
of race, religion, sex, political influence, or other nonmerit factors. 
``I am deeply honored to accept this challenging role of ensuring that 
the Federal Government has the best, brightest, and most diversified 
work force we possibly can,'' said King. The Office's role is to ensure 
that the Federal Government provides an array of personnel services to 
applicants and employees.
    Mr. King received his bachelor of arts at the American International 
College and is a fellow at the Harvard University Kennedy School of 
Government Institute of Politics.