Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 48 (Monday, December 6, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 48 (Monday, December 6, 1993)]
[Pages 2506-2507]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 28

    In the evening, the President and Hillary and Chelsea Clinton 
returned to the White House from Camp David, MD.

November 29

    In the morning, the President hosted a breakfast meeting for 
religious leaders who are active in the AIDS community. Following the 
breakfast, the President had telephone conversations with Chancellor 
Helmut Kohl of Germany and President Leonid Kravchuk of Ukraine.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended a White 
House reception.

November 30

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended a private 
screening of the movie ``Schindler's List'' at the Cineplex Odeon in 
northwest Washington.

December 1

    In the morning, the President went to Georgetown University Medical 
Center where he visited with patients who are suffering from the AIDS 
virus.
    In the afternoon, the President attended a tea hosted by the First 
Lady for the five American Nobel laureates of 1993.
    The President declared a major disaster exists in Missouri and 
ordered Federal aid

[[Page 2507]]

to supplement State and local recovery efforts, following severe storms, 
tornadoes, and flooding from November 13 to 19.
    The President announced he intends to nominate the following new 
members of the United States Enrichment Corporation:
    --William J. Rainer;
    --Margaret Hornbeck Greene;
    --Kneeland C. Youngblood;
    --Frank G. Zarb; and
    --Greta Joy Dicus.
    The President appointed Minnesota Governor Arne Carlson to be a 
member of the Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations.

December 2

    The President announced today that he has appointed 18 individuals 
to Senior Executive Service positions in his administration. They are:
    --Denise Marie Michel, Senior Policy Adviser to the Secretary of the 
      Treasury;
    --William E. Mounts, Director of Commercial Items and International 
      Systems Acquisition, Department of Defense;
    --Linton Wells II, Director of Policy Support, Department of 
      Defense;
    --Cynthia Gibson Beerbower, International Tax Counsel, Office of Tax 
      Policy, Department of the Treasury;
    --Jeffrey A. Meeks, Chief of Staff, U.S. Customs Service;
    --Carol A. Dortch, Region IV Director, General Services 
      Administration;
    --Parks D. Shackelford, Deputy Administrator for State and County 
      Operations, Agriculture Stabilization and Conservation Service;
    --Ann Terry Pincus, Director, Office of Research, USIA;
    --Dawn Johnsen, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal 
      Counsel;
    --Ilene J. Leff, Assistant Secretary for Finance and Management, 
      Office of Administration, Department of Housing and Urban 
      Development;
    --Mark Bohannon, Chief Counsel, Technology Administration, 
      Department of Commerce;
    --Sally Susman, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Office of 
      Legislative/Intergovernmental Affairs;
    --Lewis S. Alexander, Chief Economist and Adviser to the Secretary 
      of Commerce;
    --David Satcher, Director, Centers for Disease Control;
    --William F. Benson, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Health and Human 
      Services, Administration on Aging;
    --Grantland Johnson, HHS Regional Director, Region IX, California;
    --Wandra Gail Mitchell, General Counsel, Agency for International 
      Development;
    --Robert Kent Boyer, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau of 
      Legislative Affairs, Agency for International Development.

December 3

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Albuquerque, NM. 
Following his arrival in the late afternoon, the President toured the El 
Pueblo Health Services Clinic and discussed health care in rural areas 
with the people of the Bernalillo area and the health care providers of 
the clinic.
    In the evening, the President attended the ``Celebration '94'' 
reception at the Albuquerque Convention Center. He then traveled to Los 
Angeles, CA, where he remained overnight.