Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 28 (Monday, July 19, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 28 (Monday, July 19, 1993)]
[Pages 1348-1350]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Nominations Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Submitted July 13

James J. Blanchard,

of Michigan, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Canada.

Walter C. Carrington,

of Maryland, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Federal Republic of Nigeria.

Jeffrey Davidow,

of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Venezuela.

Thomas J. Dodd,

of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Oriental Republic 
of Uruguay.

Stuart E. Eizenstat,

of the District of Columbia, to be Representative of the United States 
of America to the European Communities, with the rank and

[[Page 1349]]

status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.

James E. Hall,

of Tennessee, to be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board 
for the term expiring December 31, 1997, vice Christopher A. Hart, term 
expired.

Donald C. Johnson,

of Texas, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Mongolia.

Richard Menifee Moose,

of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of State for Management, vice J. 
Brian Atwood, resigned.

George Munoz,

of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, vice David M. 
Nummy, resigned.

George Munoz,

of Illinois, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of the Treasury, 
vice David M. Nummy, resigned.

Mary M. Raiser,

of the District of Columbia, for the rank of Ambassador during her 
tenure of service as Chief of Protocol for the White House.

Louise Frankel Stoll,

of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, vice Kate 
Leader Moore, resigned.

Stanley G. Tate,

of Florida, to be Chief Executive Officer, Resolution Trust Corporation, 
vice Albert V. Casey, resigned.

Charles Robert Tetzlaff,

of Vermont, to be United States Attorney for the District of Vermont for 
the term of 4 years, vice George J. Terwilliger III, resigned.

William David Wilmoth,

of West Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District 
of West Virginia for the term of 4 years, vice William A. Kolibash, term 
expired.
Submitted July 15

Aurelia Erskine Brazeal,

of Georgia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Kenya.

John S. Davison,

of Maryland, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Niger.

James Robert Jones,

of Oklahoma, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Mexico.

Nelson A. Diaz,

of Pennsylvania, to be General Counsel of the Department of Housing and 
Urban Development, vice Francis Anthony Keating II, resigned.

Submitted July 16

Mollie H. Beattie,

of Vermont, to be Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife 
Service, vice John F. Turner, resigned.

Mary Lowe Good,

of New Jersey, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Technology, vice 
Robert Marshall White, resigned.

J. Joseph Grandmaison,

of New Hampshire, to be Director of the Trade and Development Agency, 
vice Jose E. Martinez, resigned.

Donald J. McConnell,

of Ohio, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to Burkina Faso.

[[Page 1350]]