Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 39 (Monday, October 4, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 39 (Monday, October 4, 1993)]
[Pages 1947-1948]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Somalia

 October 1, 1993

Presidential Determination No. 93-43

Memorandum for the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense

Subject: Presidential Waiver on Furnishing Assistance to the United 
Nations to Support the Reestablishment of Police Forces in Somalia

    Pursuant to the Authority vested in me by sections 552 (c)(2) and 
614 (a)(1) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, 22 U.S.C. 
2348a (c)(2) and 2364 (a)(1) (the ``Act''), I hereby determine that:
    (1) as a result of an unforeseen emergency, the provision of 
assistance under Chapter 6 of Part II of the Act in amounts in excess of 
funds otherwise available for such assist- 

[[Page 1948]]

ance is important to the national interests of the United States;
    (2) such unforeseen emergency requires the immediate provision of 
assistance under Chapter 6 of Part II of the Act; and
    (3) it is important to the security interests of the United States 
to provide commodities and services from the inventory and resources of 
the Department of Defense, of an aggregate value not to exceed $25 
million, and to furnish up to $2 million in Economic Support Funds 
(ESF), to the United Nations for purposes of providing assistance 
towards the reestablishment of police, prisons, or other law enforcement 
forces of Somalia, without regard to section 518 of the Foreign 
Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 
1993 (Public Law 102-391), and sections 620(q) and 660 of the Foreign 
Assistance Act of 1961, as amended (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), or any 
other provision of law within the scope of section 614.
    Therefore, I hereby direct the drawdown of commodities and services 
from the inventory and resources of the Department of Defense of an 
aggregate value not to exceed $25 million, for the United Nations in 
support of peacekeeping operations related to the reestablishment of 
police forces in Somalia, and the furnishing of up to $2 million in ESF 
to the United Nations for these purposes.
    The Secretary of State is authorized and directed to report this 
determination to the Congress and to arrange for its publication in the 
Federal Register.
                                            William J. Clinton