Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 6 (Monday, February 15, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 6 (Monday, February 15, 1993)]
[Pages 200-201]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Nomination of James Lee Witt To Be Director of the Federal Emergency 
Management Agency

 February 12, 1993

    President Clinton today announced his intention to nominate James 
Lee Witt, the head of Arkansas' State Office of Emergency Management and 
a former county judge, as Director of the Nation's Federal Emergency 
Management Agency.
    ``The devastation wrought by Hurricane Andrew last year was a sober 
reminder that we need to provide strong, organized, and effective help 
to American families whose lives are dramatically affected by 
disaster,'' President Clinton said. ``James Lee has done an outstanding 
job in Arkansas, and I am con- 

[[Page 201]]

fident he will do the same for the country in his new role.''
    The director of Arkansas' chief disaster assistance agency for the 
past 4 years, Witt was responsible directly to the Governor for all 
State and local disaster/emergency planning and response and recovery 
operations. He also served as the Governor's liaison to the national 
Director of FEMA. Prior to his tenure as Arkansas State director, Witt 
served for 10 years as county judge and chief elected official of Yell 
County, AR.
    Witt is a member of the board of directors of the Central United 
States Earthquake Consortium and sits on subcommittees for international 
arms reduction projects. He is also a member of the Arkansas Governor's 
Task Force on Flood Prevention and the past chairman of the nuclear 
response advisory board for Arkansas Power and Light Company's nuclear 
power plant.
    Witt, 49, is married to Lea Ellen Hodges Witt, and they have two 
sons.