Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 8 (Monday, March 1, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 8 (Monday, March 1, 1993)]
[Page 329]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 21

    In the morning, the President traveled to Santa Monica, CA.
    In the afternoon, he traveled to Los Angeles and San Jose, CA.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with chief executive 
officers of California-based companies in Los Gatos, CA.

February 22

    In the morning, the President went to Silicon Graphics in Mountain 
View, CA, where he toured the facility.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Everett, WA, and 
returned to Washington, DC, in the evening.

February 24

    In the evening, the President had a working dinner with Prime 
Minister John Major of the United Kingdom.

February 25

    In the morning, the President met at the White House with:
    --Representative Eva Clayton;
    --representatives of the Business Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met at the White House with:

    --the crew of NASA's Space Shuttle Endeavour;
    --members of the Wine Institute;
    --members of Future Farmers of America;
    --congressional leaders.

February 26

    In the late morning, the President attended a reception at American 
University.

    The White House announced that the President has invited a number of 
world leaders to the White House for working visits: NATO Secretary 
General Manfred Woerner (March 2), French President Francois Mitterrand 
(March 9), Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin (March 15), Haitian 
President Jean Bertrand Aristide (March 16), Irish Prime Minister Albert 
Reynolds (March 17), German Chancellor Helmut Kohl (March 26), and 
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak (April 6).
    The White House announced the following Secretarial sub-Cabinet 
appointments: Diana Josephson to be Deputy Under Secretary for Oceans 
and Atmosphere, Department of Commerce; Stephanie Solien Assistant to 
the Secretary for Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs, 
Department of Interior; and Judy Feder, Deputy Assistant Secretary for 
Planning and Evaluation, and Anne Lewis, Deputy Assistant Secretary for 
Public Affairs, Department of Health and Human Services.