Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 27 (Monday, July 12, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 27 (Monday, July 12, 1993)]
[Pages 1269-1270]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 12854--Implementation of the Cuban Democracy Act

 July 4, 1993

    By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and 
the laws of the United States of America, including the Trading with the 
Enemy Act, as amended (50 U.S.C. App. 1-6, 7-39, 41-44), the Cuban 
Democracy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102-484, sections 1701-1712, October 
23, 1992, 106 Stat. 2575) (the ``Act''), and section 301 of title 3, 
United States Code,
    I, William J. Clinton, President of the United States of America, 
hereby order:
    Section 1. Implementation of the Act. All agencies are hereby 
directed to take all appropriate measures within their authority, 
including the promulgation of rules and regulations, to carry out the 
provisions of the Act.
    Sec. 2. Functions of the Department of State. The Secretary of State 
shall be responsible for implementing sections 1704, 1707, and 1708 of 
the Act. Responsibility for transmitting the certification required by 
section 1707 and the report required by section 1708 of the Act is 
delegated to the Secretary of State.
    Sec. 3. Functions of the Department of the Treasury. Except as 
provided in section 4 of this order, the Secretary of the Treasury shall 
be responsible for implementing sections 1705(b)-(e) and 1706 of the 
Act, to the extent that these sections pertain to transactions with 
Cuba.
    Sec. 4. Functions of the Department of Commerce. The Secretary of 
Commerce shall be responsible for implementing sections 1705(b)-(e) of 
the Act, to the extent that these sections pertain to the exportation to 
Cuba from the United States or from a third country of goods and 
technology subject to the jurisdiction of the Department of Commerce.
    Sec. 5. Consultation. In consultation with the Secretary of State, 
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Commerce are hereby 
authorized to take such actions, including the promulgation of rules and 
regulations, as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of the Act 
and this order.
    Sec. 6. Nothing in this order shall be deemed to affect any 
functions vested by law in the Federal Communications Commission.
    Sec. 7. Effective Date. This order shall be effective immediately.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
July 4, 1993.

[[Page 1270]]

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 12:05 p.m., July 6, 
1993]

Note: This Executive order was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on July 6, and it was published in the Federal Register on 
July 7.