Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 5 (Monday, February 8, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 5 (Monday, February 8, 1993)]
[Page 135]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Nomination of William J. Perry To Be Deputy Secretary of Defense

 February 3, 1993

    The President today nominated William J. Perry, a highly respected 
expert on military technology, to serve as Deputy Secretary of Defense 
under Secretary Les Aspin.
    ``William Perry is a sound and sophisticated adviser whose expertise 
on military technology and policy is unmatched,'' said President 
Clinton. ``Secretary Aspin and I will rely heavily on his knowledge, 
imagination, and judgment as we work to keep our military the strongest 
in the world in a time of budgetary constraints.''
    Perry has long been regarded as one of the country's leading experts 
on military technology affairs. He is currently serving as codirector of 
the Stanford University Center for International Security and Arms 
Control, as well as being a professor at Stanford's School of 
Engineering and chairman of Technology Strategies and Alliances, a 
management consulting firm. He is a member of the President's Foreign 
Intelligence Advisory Board and of the U.S. Senate Select Committee on 
Intelligence's Technology Review Panel. In addition, Perry is a trustee 
of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
    During the Carter administration, Perry served as Under Secretary of 
Defense for Research and Engineering. In that position, he was 
responsible for military acquisitions and is credited with making 
investments in many weapons systems that have been successful in recent 
military actions.
    Perry, 66, lives in San Francisco, CA, with his wife, Lee, a CPA. 
They have three sons and two daughters.