Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 10 (Monday, March 15, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 10 (Monday, March 15, 1993)]
[Page 371]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 6534--To Revoke Proclamation No. 6491 of October 14, 1992


March 6, 1993

By the President of the United States

of America

A Proclamation

    Whereas, the provisions of the Davis-Bacon Act of March 3, 1931 (46 
Stat. 1494, as amended), and the provisions of all other acts, Executive 
orders, proclamations, rules, regulations, or other directives providing 
for the payment of locally prevailing wages, which provisions are 
dependent upon determinations by the Secretary of Labor under the Davis-
Bacon Act, were suspended by Proclamation No. 6491 of October 14, 1992, 
within specified geographic areas affected by Hurricanes Andrew and 
Iniki until otherwise provided;
    Now, Therefore, I, William J. Clinton, President of the United 
States of America, acting under the authority vested in me by the 
Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, do by this 
Proclamation revoke Proclamation No. 6491 of October 14, 1992, as to all 
construction contracts for which bids are opened or negotiations 
concluded on or after fifteen (15) days after the date of this 
Proclamation, whether direct Federal construction or federally assisted 
construction subject to Proclamation No. 6491.
    In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this sixth day of 
March, in the year of our Lord nineteen hundred and ninety-three, and of 
the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and 
seventeenth.
                                            William J. Clinton

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 4:21 p.m., March 8, 
1993]

Note: This proclamation was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on March 8, and it was published in the Federal Register on 
March 10.