Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 40 (Monday, October 11, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 40 (Monday, October 11, 1993)]
[Pages 2038-2039]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 3

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton attended the 41st 
annual Red Mass at St. Matthew's Cathedral with members of the Supreme 
Court. In the afternoon, the President traveled to Sacramento, CA. Later 
that evening, he went to San Francisco, CA, where he remained overnight.

October 4

    In the afternoon, the President went to Los Angeles, CA. Later in 
the evening, he attended the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee 
dinner at the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
    The White House announced the President appointed two officials to 
the Department of Commerce: Michael J. Copps as Deputy Assistant 
Secretary for Basic Industries and Rolland Schmitten as Assistant 
Administrator of the National Marine Fisheries Service in the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.

October 5

    In the evening, following his return from Los Angeles, CA, to 
Washington, DC, the President attended the Democratic Senatorial 
Campaign Committee dinner at the Washington Hilton Hotel.

October 6

    In the morning, the President met with Members of Congress on NAFTA.

[[Page 2039]]

October 7

    In the morning, the President met with Members of Congress on the 
situation in Somalia. Later in the morning, he met with Members of 
Congress on NAFTA. Following the meetings, the President had lunch with 
the Vice President.

October 8

    In the early afternoon, the President traveled to New Brunswick, NJ, 
where he participated in discussions and spoke on health care and 
violence at the Robert Wood Johnson Hospital. He then returned to 
Washington, DC, in the evening.