Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 32 (Monday, August 16, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 32 (Monday, August 16, 1993)]
[Page 1614]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 6 \1\

    \1\ This announcement was not received in time for inclusion in the 
appropriate issue.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edna Fairbanks-
Williams and Ernestine P. Watlington to be members of the Board of 
Directors of the Legal Services Corporation.

August 9

    In the morning, the President traveled to Charleston, WV, and 
returned to Washington, DC, in the afternoon.

August 10

    The President appointed Richard Schifter to serve on the National 
Security Council staff as Special Assistant to the President and 
Counselor.

August 12

    In the morning, the President traveled with Hillary Clinton and 
Chelsea Clinton to St. Louis, MO, where the President attended a 
reception and ceremony honoring heroes of the Midwest floods and signed 
flood relief legislation at the Ramada Henry VIII Hotel. In the 
afternoon, they traveled to Denver, CO. In the evening, the President 
traveled to Oakland, CA, where he remained overnight.

August 13

    In the morning, the President met with the East Bay Conversion and 
Reinvestment Commission and toured a community development site at the 
Oakland Naval Supply Center. He then addressed the community at the 
Alameda Naval Air Station.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Denver, CO, where he 
participated in a signing ceremony for the Colorado Wilderness Act of 
1993 and the Small Business Guaranteed Credit Enhancement Act of 1993. 
Later, he joined Hillary Clinton and Chelsea Clinton, and they traveled 
to Vail for the weekend.