Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 36 (Monday, September 13, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 36 (Monday, September 13, 1993)]
[Pages 1723-1724]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 5

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to Miami, 
FL.

September 6

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton went to Florida 
City, FL, where they toured the reconstruction of buildings and homes 
that were damaged during Hurricane Andrew. Later that morning, they went 
to Homestead, FL, where they surveyed hurricane damage to the Homestead 
Senior Community Center and participated in a meeting with members of 
the community. In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton went 
to Cutler Ridge, FL, and then returned to Washington, DC, in the early 
evening.

September 7

    In the morning, the President hosted a breakfast for business 
leaders.

September 8

    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with business leaders.
    The White House announced that the President had sent to the 
Congress amendments to the FY 1994 appropriations request for the 
Department of Energy.

[[Page 1724]]

September 9

    In the morning, the President traveled to Cleveland, OH, and 
returned to Washington, DC, in the afternoon. In the evening, the 
President and Hillary Clinton hosted a Kennedy Center reception at the 
White House.

September 10

    In the morning, the President traveled to Sunnyvale, CA. After his 
arrival in the afternoon, he went to ILC Technology, Inc., where he was 
given a brief tour of the North Valley Job Training Partnership program 
(NOVA). After the tour, the President went to the Sunnyvale Community 
Center, where he met with representatives of the NOVA program.
    In the early evening, the President traveled to Houston, TX, where 
he remained overnight.