Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 44 (Monday, November 8, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 44 (Monday, November 8, 1993)]
[Pages 2281-2282]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Checklist of White House Press Releases

________________________________________________________________________


The following list contains releases of the Office of the Press 
Secretary that are neither printed as items nor covered by entries in 
the Digest of Other White House Announcements.

________________________________________________________________________


Released November 1
Transcript of a press briefing by Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers

Announcement of nomination for three U.S. attorneys

Statement by Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers on transmittal to the 
Congress of $2 billion in spending cuts and reform measures for fiscal 
year 1994

Released November 2

Statement by Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers releasing statements by 
former Presidents George Bush, Ronald Reagan, and Gerald Ford endorsing 
the North American Free Trade Agreement

Announcement of the President's awarding of the Presidential Medal of 
Freedom to Martha Raye

Released November 3

Statement by Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers on the administration's 
intent to seek an international legal prohibition of ocean disposal of 
low-level radioactive waste

Announcement of nomination for five U.S. marshalls

Statement by Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers on the President's signing of 
the instrument of ratification of the Treaty on Open Skies

Released November 4
Announcement of further details on the upcoming meeting of Organization 
of Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders in Seattle, WA
Released November 5
Fact sheet on the Bipartisan Commission on Entitlement Reform
Fact sheet on participants in the teleconference with the Midwest 
agricultural community on NAFTA
Text of a letter from Jack Quinn, Chief of Staff to the Vice President, 
to broadcast journalist Larry King regarding arrangements for a debate 
on NAFTA between the Vice President and Ross Perot

Statement by Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers on release of unclassified 
and declas- 

[[Page 2282]]

sified documents relating to Salvadoran human rights cases

Announcement of nomination for three U.S. attorneys and three U.S. 
marshalls