Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 11 (Monday, March 22, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 11 (Monday, March 22, 1993)]
[Pages 454-455]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 15

    The White House announced that Japanese Prime Minister Kiichi 
Miyazawa will visit the White House on April 16 for a meeting and 
working lunch.

March 16

    In the morning, the President met with congressional leaders and 
later with Senators from western States.

March 17

    In the morning, the President met with the governing board of the 
Electronics Industry Association.
    In the afternoon, the President and Prime Minister Albert Reynolds 
of Ireland attended

[[Page 455]]

the Friends of Ireland St. Patrick's Day lunch at the Capitol.
    The President announced his approval for the following departmental 
appointments at the Department of the Interior: Brooks Yeager, Director 
of Program Analysis; Kevin Sweeny, Director of Communications; and 
Thomas Williams, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish, Wildlife, and 
Parks.
    The President announced his intention to nominate six sub-Cabinet 
officials:

    Eugene Branstool, Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Marketing 
      and Inspection Services;
    Lionel Skipwith Johns, Associate Director for Technology, Office of 
      Science and Technology Policy;
    Daniel Beard, Commissioner, Bureau of Reclamation, Department of the 
      Interior;
    Mary Lou Keener, General Counsel, Department of Veterans Affairs;
    Edward Scott, Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for 
      Congressional Affairs; and
    Joe Shuldiner, Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development 
      for Public and Indian Housing.

March 18

    In the morning, the President met with Democratic Senators. Later, 
he went to the Department of the Treasury where he was given a brief 
tour.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with the Vice President 
and afterwards met with the Black Publishers Association.
    In the late afternoon, the President met with the President of the 
Commission of the European Communities, Jacques Delors, and then with 
recipients of the White House News Photographers Association awards.
    In the evening, the President attended the Radio and Television 
Correspondents Association dinner at the Washington Hilton.
    The White House announced that the President has invited the 
President of the European Council, Prime Minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen 
of Denmark, and the President of the Commission of the European 
Communities, Jacques Delors, to the White House for the biannual 
Presidential consultations between the European Community and the United 
States on May 7.

March 19

    In the morning, the President traveled to Atlanta, GA, where he 
visited the Downtown Child Development Center and addressed members of 
the business community at the Apparel Mart, and returned to Washington, 
DC, in the evening.