Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29 Issue 5 (Monday, February 8, 1993)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 29, Number 5 (Monday, February 8, 1993)]
[Pages 116-117]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Remarks Following Entertainment at a State Dinner for the Nation's 
Governors

 January 31, 1993

    The President. Ladies and gentlemen, first I think we ought to 
acknowledge the musicians: Peter Howard, John Beal, Martin Erskine, John 
Redsecker, and Wally Harper. Let's give them--[applause]. I'd also like 
to thank the people who put this wonderful program together: Marty Bell, 
Beverly Camhe, Phyllis Newman, and my good friend Barbara Handman, who's 
here with her husband, Len, tonight; and his daughter and son-in-law 
have been so instrumental in our political life, Harold Ickes and Laura 
Handman. Let's give all of them a hand. [Applause] I want to thank Ms. 
Handman and Ms. Newman, in particular, for writing this; and for Peter 
Howard for his musical direction tonight.
    And now let me say that I hope that we can take good care of this 
house, but this house will always be a house of America's family. I 
don't want to embarrass Phyllis, but Phyllis and her husband, Adolph 
Green, who sang a little tonight--stand up--[applause]--they're 
celebrating their 33d wedding anniversary. As you can see, he had to get 
not only her parents' permission but the law's as well to marry her. 
[Laughter]
    Ms. Newman. That's the nicest thing you've said. [Laughter]
    The President. I understand that this is Governor Dean's wedding 
anniversary tonight, too. And I want to acknowledge that. This is 
Governor Mickelson's birthday. This is also a very important birthday: 
Tonight is Carol Channing's birthday.
    I want all of us to sing ``Happy Birthday'' to her in just a moment, 
but I want to tell you that she performed here with George Burns for 
President and Mrs. Kennedy; she performed here when President Johnson 
was here. She made President Nixon's hate list, so she didn't perform--
[laughter].

[[Page 117]]

    We all knew about her in ``Hello Dolly'' and ``Gentlemen Prefer 
Blondes,'' where she immortalized that song that you heard about being a 
little girl from Little Rock. I wish she had been.
    I'd like to ask us all now to stand and sing ``Happy Birthday'' to 
her. George, you come up here to lead.

Note: The President spoke at 11:45 p.m. in the State Dining Room at the 
White House. A tape was not available for verification of the content of 
these remarks.