Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 8 (Monday, February 28, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 8 (Monday, February 28, 2005)]
[Pages 323-324]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 20

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Brussels, 
Belgium, arriving in the evening.

February 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Sheraton Brussels Hotel and Towers, he and Mrs. Bush participated 
in a greeting with U.S. Embassy and Missions personnel. Then, at the 
Royal Palace, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a courtesy call with King 
Albert II and Queen Paola of Belgium.
    Later in the morning, in the Prime Minister's Office at Lambermont 
House, the President met with Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt of Belgium. 
Then, at the U.S. Ambassador's Residence, the President met with 
Secretary General Jakob Gijsbert ``Jaap'' de Hoop Scheffer of the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization.
    In the evening, at the U.S. Ambassador's Residence, the President 
met with President Jacques Chirac of France. They then had a working 
dinner.

February 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the U.S. Ambassador's Residence, he had a working breakfast with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    Later in the morning, at NATO Headquarters, the President had a 
meeting with President Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine. He then 
participated in a meeting of the NATO-Ukraine Commission. Later, he met 
with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy. He then participated in 
a plenary session of the North Atlantic Council followed by an official 
photo with NATO leaders.
    In the afternoon, at NATO Headquarters, the President had lunch with 
NATO leaders. Later, at the Justus Lipsius Building, he participated in 
a meeting followed by an official photo with European Union leaders.
    In the evening, in the Berlaymont Building, the President met with 
European Commission President Jose Manuel Durao Barroso followed by a 
photo opportunity with European Union Commissioners. He then had a 
working dinner with European Commission President Durao Barroso, 
European Council President Jean-Claude Juncker, and European Council 
Secretary General Javier Solana.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John C. Dugan to 
be Comptroller of the Currency at the Department of the Treasury.

February 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Mainz, Germany, where, at the Electoral 
Palace, they participated in an arrival ceremony with Chancellor Gerhard 
Schroeder of Germany and greeted American and German soldiers who had 
served in Afghanistan.
    Later in the morning, at the Electoral Palace, the President met 
with Chancellor Schroeder.
    In the afternoon, at the Electoral Palace, the President and Mrs. 
Bush had lunch with Chancellor Schroeder, his wife, Doris Schroeder-
Koepf, and local leaders and businesspeople. He then met with Angela

[[Page 324]]

Merkel, leader of Germany's Christian Democratic Union party.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush toured the 
Gutenberg Museum.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Wiesbaden, Germany, where, at Wiesbaden Army Airfield, they participated 
in a photo opportunity with distinguished servicemembers of the U.S. 
Army's 1st Armored Division and their spouses.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Bratislava, 
Slovakia, where, at M.R. Stefanik Airport, they participated in an 
arrival ceremony.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Cobey to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan Washington 
Airports Authority.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and 
Negotiations: Peter F. Baranay; James G. Berges; JoAnn Brouillette; 
Thomas J. Donohue; Calvin M. Dooley; Jennifer Dunn; Edward Charles Emma; 
John Engler; William Eldridge Frenzel; Allen E. Gant, Jr.; Nicholas 
Giordano; Terry D. Growcock; Herbert Fisk Johnson; Scott Klug; Charles 
Edward Kruse; Larry A. Liebenow; Tracy Mullin Moroney; James Winston 
Morrison; Edward Joseph Perkins; Kevin Barney Rollins; Lea N. Soupata; 
Jose Antonio Villamil; Joseph P. Ward; Wythe Willis Willey; and Wendell 
L. Willkie II.
    The President announced his intention to designate Harvey S. Rosen 
as Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers.

February 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Radisson SAS Carlton Hotel, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
greeting with U.S. Embassy personnel.
    Later in the morning, at the Presidential Palace, the President met 
with President Ivan Gasparovic of Slovakia. Later, in the Prime 
Minister's Office, he met with Prime Minister Mikulas Dzurinda of 
Slovakia.
    Later in the morning, at the Slovak National Theater, the President 
participated in a greeting with Champions of Freedom. Later, at the 
Treasures Museum of Bratislava Castle, he met with President Vladimir 
Putin of Russia.
    In the evening, at Bratislava Castle, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with President Gasparovic, Prime Minister Dzurinda, 
Speaker of the National Council of the Slovak Republic Pavol Hrusovsky, 
and President Putin.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President declared an emergency in Nevada and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record and/or near record snow on January 6-10.

February 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy Ann Nord to 
be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher J. 
Hanley to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private 
Investment Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James C. Langdon, 
Jr., as a member of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board 
and, upon appointment, to designate him as Chairman of the President's 
Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board and Chairman of the Intelligence 
Oversight Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Grover Whitehurst 
as Acting Commissioner of Education Statistics at the Department of 
Education.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the Inauguration of 
President Tabare Vazquez of Uruguay on March 1: Elaine L. Chao (head of 
delegation), Martin J. Silverstein, and Marilyn Ware.