Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 45 (Monday, November 14, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 45 (Monday, November 14, 2005)]
[Pages 1696-1698]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 5

    In the morning, in Mar del Plata, Argentina, the President had an 
intelligence briefing. Later, in the Salon Versailles at the Hermitage 
Hotel, he participated in plenary sessions of the Summit of the 
Americas.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in the closing ceremony 
of the Summit of the Americas. Later, at the Salon Doree, he 
participated in a luncheon for heads of state.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Brasilia, Brazil, arriving in the evening.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ali Abdallah Salih of Yemen to the White House on November 10.

November 6

    In the morning, in the Blue Tree Park Hotel, the President had 
breakfast with Brazilian business leaders. Later, in the Porto Vittoria 
Reception Hall, he and Mrs. Bush greeted U.S. Embassy personnel.
    In the afternoon, at Granja do Torto, the President and Mrs. Bush 
had lunch with President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa 
Leticia Lula da Silva. They then returned to the Blue Tree Park Hotel.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Panama City, 
Panama.

November 7

    In the morning, in the Cabinet Room of the Palacio de Las Garzas, 
the President had a meeting with President Martin Torrijos Espino of 
Panama. Later, at the Corozal American Cemetery, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a wreath-laying ceremony.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the 
Miraflores Locks of the Panama Canal, where they toured the canal.

[[Page 1697]]

    In the afternoon, at the Miraflores Restaurant, the President and 
Mrs. Bush had lunch with President Torrijos Espino and his wife, Vivian 
Fernandez de Torrijos. Later, they went to Ciudad del Saber, where, at 
Jarman Field, they participated in a baseball event with Panamanian 
youth and Major League Baseball players. Later, at the Auxiliary Gym of 
Ciudad del Saber, they greeted U.S. Embassy personnel.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Richmond, VA, arriving in the evening. Later, they returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janet Ann 
Sanderson to be Ambassador to Haiti.
    The President announced his intention to appoint David Barrett Cohen 
as the U.S. Representative on the Pacific Community.

November 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a briefing on hurricane recovery efforts. Later, in the Oval Office, 
he participated in a photo opportunity with 2005 Nobel Prize recipients 
John L. Hall, Thomas C. Schelling, Roy J. Glauber, Richard R. Schrock, 
and Robert H. Grubbs.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President accepted the 
Institute of Religion and Public Policy's Pope John Paul II Wellspring 
of Freedom Award from institute officials.
    The President declared a major disaster in the Northern Mariana 
Islands and ordered Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local 
recovery efforts in the area struck by Typhoon Nabi on August 30 through 
September 1.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a tornado and severe storms on November 6.

November 9

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. He then had an intelligence briefing. Later, he met 
with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President and Mrs. Bush met 
with the Dalai Lama of Tibet.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Joseph 
Copps to be Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Deborah Taylor 
Tate to be Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen C. King to 
be a member of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald M. Payne, 
Edward Randall Royce, and Goli Ameri to be U.S. Representatives to the 
60th Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Duane Acklie and 
Robert C. O'Brien to be U.S. Alternate Representatives to the 60th 
Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to visit South Asia on November 
13-15 to survey the South Asian earthquake devastation and assess relief 
and reconstruction needs: Karen P. Hughes (head of delegation); Jim 
Kelly; Anne Mulcahy; Hank McKinnell, Jr.; and Sandy Weill.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Israel to attend events 
commemorating the 10th anniversary of the assassination of Prime 
Minister Yitzhak Rabin, on November 14: James A. Baker III (head of 
delegation); Condoleezza Rice; Richard A. Jones; C. David Welch; and 
Elliott Abrams.

November 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Roosevelt Room, the President dropped 
by a meeting of the Federalist Society. Later, in an Oval

[[Page 1698]]

Office ceremony, he presented the 2005 National Medals of Arts and 
National Humanities Medals.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had lunch with 
President Ali Abdallah Salih of Yemen. Later, in an Oval Office 
ceremony, he received diplomatic credentials from Ambassador Lee Tae Sik 
of South Korea.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building, the President dropped by a meeting of business leaders.
    Also in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President 
participated in a bill-signing ceremony for H.R. 2744, Agriculture, 
Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies 
Appropriations Act, 2006.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a dinner for the 
40th anniversary of the National Endowment for the Arts and the National 
Endowment for the Humanities.
    The President declared a major disaster in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding on October 7-16.
    The President declared a major disaster in Puerto Rico and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides on October 
9-15.