Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 6 (Monday, February 14, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 6 (Monday, February 14, 2005)]
[Pages 230-231]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft to congratulate the team on 
their February 6 Super Bowl victory.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 2004 
Nextel Cup NASCAR champion driver Kurt Busch. Later, also in the Oval 
Office, he met with Secretary of Commerce Carlos M. Gutierrez and his 
wife, Edilia.

February 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Detroit, MI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Jim Comer.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Cabinet Room, he met with Republican Members of the House of 
Representatives to discuss Social Security.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Traian Basescu of Romania at the White House on March 9.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey Clay Sell 
to be Deputy Secretary of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia Lynn 
Scarlett to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior.
    The President announced that he has named Karl Rove as Assistant to 
the President, Deputy Chief of Staff, and Senior Adviser.
    The President announced that he has named Michael J. Gerson as 
Assistant to the President for Policy and Strategic Planning.

February 9

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Thaksin Chinnawat of Thailand to congratulate him on his 
party's February 6 parliamentary election victory and to discuss relief 
efforts following the December 26, 2004, earthquake and tsunamis in the 
Indian Ocean. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark to congratulate him on 
his February 8 election victory and to discuss the elections in Iraq, 
the situation in the Middle East, and the President's upcoming visit to 
Europe.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had lunch with 
President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building, the President made remarks at a business roundtable.
    The President announced that he has named John E. Straub as Special 
Assistant to the President and Director of the Office of Administration.
    The President announced that he has named William McGurn as 
Assistant to the President for Speechwriting.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by a severe winter storm and record snow on December 21-23, 
2004.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms, heavy rains, and flooding on January 4-
6.

February 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Raleigh, NC, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Jim Van Strien.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Blue Bell, PA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer David Bulkley.

[[Page 231]]

    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to name Roland W. Betts as a 
member of the New York Committee on the Olympic Games Board of 
Directors.

February 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate C. David Welch to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John B. Bellinger 
III to be Legal Advisor at the Department of State.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Nicholas Burns 
to be Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs.