Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 14 (Monday, April 11, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 14 (Monday, April 11, 2005)]
[Pages 580-581]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had a telephone 
conversation with White House Chief of Staff Andrew H. Card, Jr., who 
informed him of the death of Pope John Paul II.

April 3

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the John F. 
Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, where they watched a performance 
of the play ``Mister Roberts.'' Later, they went to the Cathedral of 
Saint Matthew the Apostle, where they attended a memorial mass for Pope 
John Paul II.

April 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with Speaker Hajim al-Hasani of the Iraqi 
Transitional National Assembly to congratulate him on his April 3 
election.
    In the afternoon, in the Red Room, the President and Mrs. Bush had 
lunch with President Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine and his wife, Kateryna 
Yushchenko.

April 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Parkersburg, WV, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer June Roberts.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Vice President Dick Cheney, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, and 
U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Zalmay Khalilzad. Later, Secretary Rice 
announced the President's intention to nominate Ambassador Khalilzad to 
be U.S. Ambassador to Iraq.
    The President announced that the delegation accompanying him and 
Mrs. Bush to the funeral mass of Pope John Paul II on April 8 will 
include: former President George Bush; former President William J. 
Clinton; and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.

April 6

    In the morning, the President and his delegation to the funeral mass 
of Pope John Paul II traveled to Rome, Italy. While en route aboard Air 
Force One, the President had a telephone conversation with President 
Jalal Talabani of the Iraqi Transitional Government to congratulate him 
on his election earlier in the day and to discuss Iraq-U.S. relations. 
He then had a telephone conversation with Amir Hamad bin Khalifa Al 
Thani of Qatar to express his condolences on the recent terrorist 
attacks in Qatar.
    Later in the morning, in the conference room aboard Air Force One, 
the President, former President Bush, and former President Clinton had 
an intelligence briefing. Later, the President had a telephone 
conversation with head coach Kim Mulkey-Robertson of Baylor University's 
women's basketball team to congratulate her on the team's April 5 NCAA 
championship.
    In the afternoon, upon arrival in Rome, the President and his 
delegation went to Vatican City, where they attended the public viewing 
for Pope John Paul II, who lay in state in Saint Peter's Basilica.
    During the day, the President received a briefing from National 
Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley on the helicopter crash in Kabul, 
Afghanistan, that killed American troops earlier in the day.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Maria Cino to be 
Deputy Secretary of Transportation.

April 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the Quirinale Palace in Rome, the President and 
his delegation paid a courtesy call on President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi of 
Italy.

[[Page 581]]

    In the evening, at Villa Taverna, the U.S. Ambassador to Italy's 
residence in Rome, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a reception for 
American cardinals, archbishops, and bishops of the Catholic Church.
    Later in the evening, the President and his delegation, with the 
exception of Mrs. Bush, had dinner with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 
of Italy at the Prime Minister's residence.

April 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at Saint Peter's Square in Vatican City, he and his delegation attended 
the funeral mass of Pope John Paul II.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Paul Kagame of Rwanda to the White House on April 15.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Emil M. Skodon to 
be Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eduardo Aguirre to 
be Ambassador to Spain and to Andorra.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert B. Stephan 
as Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection and to designate 
him as Acting Under Secretary for Information Analysis and 
Infrastructure Protection at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher 
Columbus Fellowship Foundation: E. Gordon Gee; Valentino F. DiGiorgio 
III; Kimberly A. Owens; and M. Joyce Van Schaack.
    The President announced his intention to appoint George R. 
Nethercutt, Jr., as Chairman of the U.S. Section of the U.S. and Canada 
Permanent Joint Board on Defense.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ruth Sharp 
Altshuler as a member of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Stephen Malcom 
Gillis and Con Gia Pham as members of the Board of Directors of the 
Vietnam Education Foundation.