Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 3 (Monday, January 24, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 3 (Monday, January 24, 2005)]
[Pages 77-79]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of the Iraqi Interim Government to discuss 
the upcoming elections in Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing and 
met with the Homeland Security Council.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in separate 
interviews with the FOX News and Cable News Network television

[[Page 78]]

channels. Later, in the Family Theater, he participated in a speech 
preparation session for his January 20 Inaugural Address.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
King Abdullah II of Jordan to discuss the upcoming elections in Iraq, 
the recent Palestinian Presidential election, and other issues.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the 
Renaissance Hotel, where he made remarks at a Republican National 
Committee reception.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the Andrew W. 
Mellon Auditorium, where he made remarks at the Inaugural Chairman's 
reception.

January 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India to discuss relief efforts 
following the December 26, 2004, earthquake and tsunamis in the Indian 
Ocean and other issues. He also had a telephone conversation with 
President Ghazi al-Ujayl al-Yawr of the Iraqi Interim Government to 
discuss the upcoming elections in Iraq. He then had an intelligence 
briefing and met with the National Security Council.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the 
National Archives and Records Administration, where they toured the 
Rotunda for the Charters of Freedom with Archivist of the United States 
John W. Carlin and Senior Curator Stacey Bredhoff. During the tour, they 
examined historical documents including the Constitution, the Bill of 
Rights, the Declaration of Independence, George Washington's handwritten 
Inaugural address, and the Bible used in the Inaugurations of George 
Washington and George Bush.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the Andrew W. 
Mellon Auditorium, where he made remarks at the Inaugural Chairman's 
luncheon.
    Later in the afternoon, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. 
Bush hosted an Inaugural luncheon for family members.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended three 
candlelight dinners hosted by the Inaugural Committee. They then 
attended an Inaugural ball.
    During the day, the President participated in a speech preparation 
session.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jeffrey F. Kupfer 
as Executive Director of the President's Advisory Panel on Federal Tax 
Reform.
    The President announced his recess appointments of Adolfo A. Franco 
and Roger Noriega as members of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation.
    The President announced his recess appointments of Gregory B. Jaczko 
and Peter B. Lyons as members of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.

January 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush went to St. John's Episcopal Church, where they 
attended a prayer service.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went by motorcade 
along the Inaugural parade route to the White House, where they viewed 
the parade from the reviewing stand.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended several 
Inaugural balls.

January 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush went to the National Cathedral, where they participated 
in the National Prayer Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Thomas 
Schieffer to be Ambassador to Japan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Morrison 
Combs to be Controller of the Office of Federal Financial Management at 
the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to the Inauguration of 
President Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine on January 23: Colin L. Powell 
(head of delegation); John E. Herbst; Paula Dobriansky; Vera M. 
Andryczyk; Nadia Komarnyckyj McConnell; and Myron Kuropas.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to a special session of the 
United Nations General Assembly

[[Page 79]]

to be held on January 24 to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the 
liberation of the Nazi concentration camps: Paul D. Wolfowitz (head of 
delegation); Anne Patterson; Henry R. Kravis; and Bryce Sandler.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms and flooding beginning on January 1 and 
continuing.