Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 42 (Monday, October 24, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 42 (Monday, October 24, 2005)]
[Pages 1567-1568]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 15

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

October 16

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

October 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy at the White House for a meeting and 
lunch on October 31.
    The White House announced that the President will visit Kyoto, 
Japan, on November 15. He will meet with Prime Minister Junichiro 
Koizumi of Japan on November 16. The President will then travel to 
Pusan, South Korea, to attend the 13th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation 
(APEC) Leaders' Meeting on November 18-19. He will meet with President 
Roh Moo-Hyun of South Korea in Gyeongju, South Korea, on November 17, 
and hold bilateral meetings with other leaders while at APEC. The 
President will travel to Beijing, China, on November 19. The President 
will then travel to Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, to meet with President 
Nambaryn Enkhbayar of Mongolia on November 21.

October 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a briefing on Hurricanes Katrina and Rita recovery efforts and on 
Tropical Storm Wilma. Later, he met with James D. Wolfensohn, Quartet 
Special Envoy for Gaza Disengagement.

October 19

    In the morning, the President had a briefing on Hurricane Wilma. 
Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President met with the National Security 
Council. He then had a meeting regarding a potential avian influenza 
outbreak.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
musician and activist Bono, and then they had lunch in his private 
dining room.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
Republican Members of Congress to discuss legislative priorities.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with Gov. 
Jeb Bush of Florida to discuss preparations for Hurricane Wilma. Later, 
he met with Gov. Bush.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anne W. Patterson 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law 
Enforcement Affairs.
    The President declared an emergency in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local response efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on October 7 and 
continuing.

October 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Mahmoud Abbas of the 
Palestinian Authority.

[[Page 1568]]

    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he traveled to Los Angeles, CA.
    In the evening, the President made remarks at a Republican National 
Committee reception.

October 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Simi Valley, CA.
    Later in the morning, at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, the 
President, Mrs. Bush, and former First Lady Nancy Reagan participated in 
a wreath-laying ceremony at former President Reagan's memorial.
    In the afternoon, also at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, 
the President made remarks at the opening of the Air Force One Pavilion. 
He, Mrs. Bush, and former First Lady Reagan then toured the plane that 
served as Air Force One from 1973 to 2001. Later, they attended a 
luncheon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John F. Clark to 
be Director of the United States Marshals Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George W. Foresman 
to be Under Secretary for Preparedness at the Department of Homeland 
Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul J. McNulty to 
be Deputy Attorney General at the Department of Justice and to designate 
him as Acting Deputy Attorney General at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gen. Peter Pace, 
USMC, as a Governor of the Board of Governors of the American National 
Red Cross.