Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 19 (Monday, May 16, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 19 (Monday, May 16, 2005)]
[Pages 803-805]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 7

    In the morning, at the Radisson SAS Daugava Hotel in Riga, Latvia, 
the President had an intelligence briefing. He and Mrs. Bush then 
participated in a greeting with U.S. Embassy personnel. They then went 
to Riga Castle, where they participated in an arrival ceremony with 
President Vaira Vike-Freiberga of Latvia and her husband, Imants 
Freibergs. Later, in the Gold Room at Riga Castle, the President met 
with President Vike-Freiberga and Prime Minister Aigars Kalvitis of 
Latvia.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush, accompanied by 
President Vike-Freiberga and her husband, Imants Freibergs, went to 
Freedom Memorial Park, where they participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony at the Freedom Monument.
    In the afternoon, in the White Hall at the Riga Latvian Society 
House, the President and President Vike-Freiberga participated in a 
roundtable discussion with civil society leaders.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Ligo Room at the Riga Latvian Society 
House, the President had a lunch meeting with President Vike-Freiberga, 
President Arnold Ruutel of Estonia, and President Valdas Adamkus of 
Lithuania.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Maastricht, 
the Netherlands, where, upon arrival at the Maastricht Aachen Airport, 
they participated in a greeting with U.S. Embassy personnel. They then 
traveled to the Chateau St. Gerlach in Valkenburg, the Netherlands.

May 8

    In the morning, at the Chateau St. Gerlach, the President had a 
breakfast meeting with Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende of the 
Netherlands.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Margraten, the Netherlands. Upon arrival, they went to the Netherlands 
American Cemetery and Memorial, where they participated in a greeting 
with Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands.
    Later in the morning, at the Cemetery's Visitor Center, the 
President and Mrs. Bush signed the guest book. He and Queen Beatrix then 
participated in a wreath-laying ceremony.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Moscow, 
Russia.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a dinner hosted 
by President Vladimir Putin of Russia and his wife, Lyudmila Putin, at 
Novo Ogarevo, the Putins' residence in Moscow.

May 9

    In the morning, at the Marriott Grand Hotel in Moscow, the President 
had an intelligence briefing. He then participated in a coffee with 
civil society leaders.

[[Page 804]]

    Later in the morning, in the Red Square of the Kremlin, the 
President and Mrs. Bush attended a parade commemorating the 60th 
anniversary of the end of World War II in Europe. Later, they 
participated in a wreath-laying ceremony at Russia's Tomb of the Unknown 
Soldier by the Kremlin wall.
    In the afternoon, at the Kremlin State Palace, the President and 
Mrs. Bush attended a lunch for delegations to the anniversary 
ceremonies. Later, they went to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow, where they 
greeted Embassy personnel.
    Later in the afternoon, at Spaso House, the President and Mrs. Bush 
met with U.S. and Russian veterans.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Tbilisi, Georgia, arriving in the evening.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended cultural 
events in Old Town Tbilisi.

May 10

    In the morning, at the Marriott Hotel in Tbilisi, the President had 
an intelligence briefing. Later, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
greeting with U.S. Embassy personnel.
    Later in the morning, in the Plaza of the Parliament Building, the 
President and Mrs. Bush participated in an arrival ceremony with 
President Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia and his wife, Sandra Roelofs. 
Later, he met with President Saakashvili in President Saakashvili's 
office.
    Later in the morning, in the Parliament Building, the President met 
with Speaker of the Georgian Parliament Nino Burjanadze.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Austria to attend the 50th 
Anniversary of the Austrian State Treaty, on May 15: Rudolph E. 
Boschwitz (head of delegation); W.L. Lyons Brown; Vincent Obsitnik; 
Alfred Hoffman; and Davis Phillips.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark A. Limbaugh 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior (Water and Science).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Henrietta Holsman 
Fore to be Under Secretary of State for Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Alan Eaton 
to be Ambassador to Panama.

May 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Pamela E. 
Bridgewater to be Ambassador to Ghana.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Tamala Lynne 
Longaberger as Chairperson of the National Women's Business Council.

May 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 2005 
MATHCOUNTS National Competition award recipients.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome former 
President Nelson Mandela of South Africa to the White House on May 17.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ahmed Mohamed Nazif of Egypt to Washington on May 18.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark to the White House on May 20.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan to the White House on May 23.

May 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Larry Miles Dinger 
to be Ambassador to the Fiji Islands and Ambassador to Nauru, Tonga, 
Kiribati, and Tuvalu.

[[Page 805]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Terence Patrick 
McCulley to be Ambassador to Mali.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul A. Trivelli 
to be Ambassador to Nicaragua.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anne Wagner to be 
Ambassador to Luxembourg.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael E. Hess to 
be Assistant Administrator (Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and 
Humanitarian Response) at the U.S. Agency for International Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janice B. Gardner 
to be Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis at the 
Department of the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Victoria Nuland to 
be the U.S. Permanent Representative on the Council of the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization, with the rank and status of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel R. Stanley 
to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs.
    The President intends to designate Gordon R. England as Acting 
Deputy Secretary of Defense.
    The President intends to select the following individuals as members 
of the Advisory Committee to the White House Conference on Aging, for 
the life of the Conference: Rodolfo Arredondo; Lupo Carlota; Kathleen 
Correa; Joseph F. Coughlin; Anthony M. DiLeo; Peggye Dilworth-Anderson; 
T. Bella Dinh-Zarr; Margaret Lynn Duggar; Katherine Freund; F. Michael 
Gloth III; Carolyn Gray; Carole Green; Cynthia Hughes Harris; Edward 
Martinez; Melvina McCabe; Michael McLendon; Lawrence Polivka; Isadore 
Rosenfeld; William J. Scanlon; Sandra Schlicker; Joanne Schwartzberg; 
and William J. Turenne, Sr.