Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 30 (Monday, August 1, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 30 (Monday, August 1, 2005)]
[Pages 1229-1231]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 23

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to express his condolences on the 
recent terrorist attacks in Sharm el-Sheikh.

July 24

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
cyclist Lance Armstrong to congratulate him on winning a record seventh 
straight Tour de France.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. Later, they attended a White House tee-ball game on the 
South Lawn.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Members of Congress to discuss energy legislation.

July 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush went to the National Gallery of Art where they toured 
the Gilbert Stuart exhibition.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to the White House. 
Later, in the East Room, he participated in a photo opportunity with 
Presidential Rank Award recipients.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President participated 
in a meeting with African American leaders.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jennifer L. Dorn 
to be U.S. Alternate Executive Director of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate C. Boyden Gray to 
be the U.S. Representative to the European Union with the Rank of 
Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard H. Jones 
to be Ambassador to Israel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Francis J. 
Ricciardone, Jr., to be Ambassador to Egypt.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Darlene F. 
Williams to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development 
(Policy Development and Research).
    The President announced his appointment of Michele A. Davis as 
Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser 
for Strategic Communications and Global Outreach.

[[Page 1230]]

July 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a signing ceremony for 
Proclamation 7915--Anniversary of Americans with Disabilities Act, 2005.
    Later in the morning, the President met with local officials from 
the Babil Province in Iraq.
    Also in the morning, in his private dining room, the President 
viewed the launch of the Space Shuttle Discovery.
    In the afternoon, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building, the President made remarks to the Coalition for the 
Modernization and Protection of America's Social Security. Later, he had 
a meeting with Republican Members of the House of Representatives to 
discuss the Central American-Dominican Republic Free Trade Agreement.

July 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
went to the Capitol where he met with the House Republican Conference to 
discuss legislative priorities. Later, he returned to the White House.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a photo 
opportunity with District of Columbia Metropolitan Motorcycle Escort 
officers.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with Navy Anderson, the 2005 national ambassador for 
the March of Dimes. Later, in the East Room, he participated in a photo 
opportunity with 2005 American Legion Boys Nation and Girls Nation 
participants.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Keith E. Gottfried 
to be General Counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bertha K. Madras 
to be Deputy Director for Demand Reduction at the Office of National 
Drug Control Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark S. Schneider 
to be Commissioner of Education Statistics at the Department of 
Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alfred Hoffman, 
Jr., to be Ambassador to Portugal.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sandra Frances 
Ashworth, Jan Cellucci, and Diane Rivers to be members of the National 
Commission on Libraries and Information Science.

July 28

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to discuss Pakistan-U.S. 
relations, counterterrorism efforts, and regional issues. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of El Salvador to discuss the 
House of Representatives action on the Central American-Dominican 
Republic Free Trade Agreement.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with the President's Management Council.
    Later, in the State Dining Room, the President had a meeting and 
participated in a photo opportunity with members of the National Future 
Farmers of America Organization State Presidents' Conference.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley of Northern Ireland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George M. Gray to 
be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency 
(Research and Development).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christine M. 
Griffin to be a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Emil W. Henry, 
Jr., to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Financial 
Institutions).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathryn Higgins to 
be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William E. Kovacic 
to be Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barry F. Lowenkron 
to be Assistant

[[Page 1231]]

Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward McGaffigan, 
Jr., to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James F.X. O'Gara 
to be Deputy Director for Supply Reduction at the Office of National 
Drug Control Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John J. Young, 
Jr., to be Director of Defense Research and Engineering at the 
Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roland Arnall to 
be Ambassador to the Netherlands.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William McCormick 
to be Ambassador to New Zealand and Samoa.
    The President announced his intention to designate John F. Clark as 
Acting Director of the United States Marshals Service.
    The President announced his intention to designate Preston M. Geren 
as Acting Secretary of the Air Force.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas E. Harvey 
as Acting Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Public and 
Intergovernmental Affairs).

July 29

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams of Northern Ireland and President 
Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Naomi Churchill 
Earp to be a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Joseph 
Henke to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Management).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Franklin L. Lavin 
to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William F. Tuerk 
to be Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Memorial Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Laurence Francis 
Rooney to be Ambassador to the Holy See.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Terry Neese to be 
Director of the Mint at the Department of the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark Hofflund to 
be a member of the National Council on the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Josette Sheeran 
Shiner to be U.S. Alternate Governor of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development; U.S. Alternate Governor of the Inter-
American Development Bank; U.S. Alternate Governor for the African 
Development Bank; U.S. Alternate Governor of the Asian Development Bank; 
U.S. Alternate Governor of the European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development; and U.S. Alternate Governor of the African Development 
Fund.
    The President announced his intention to designate Josette Sheeran 
Shiner as a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private 
Investment Corporation.