Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 32 (Monday, August 15, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 32 (Monday, August 15, 2005)]
[Pages 1282-1283]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 6

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

August 8

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Rebecca Garang, widow of First Vice President Dr. John Garang de 
Mabior of Sudan, and with President Umar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir of Sudan 
to express condolences over the death of First Vice President Garang and 
to discuss the peace process in Sudan. He then had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Albuquerque, NM, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sally 
Adams. Then he toured the Sandia Solar Tower Complex at Sandia National 
Laboratory.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Vice President Dick Cheney, Chairman Ben S. Bernanke of the 
Council of Economic Advisers, U.S. Trade Representative Rob Portman, 
Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao, Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns, 
Secretary of the Treasury John Snow; Secretary of Commerce Carlos M. 
Gutierrez, Director Joshua B. Bolten of the Office of Management and 
Budget, and Director Allan B. Hubbard of the National Economic Council 
to discuss the national economy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John E. Maupin, 
Jr., to be a member of the Social Security Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Alan R. Nelson as 
alternate Federal cochairperson at the Delta Regional Authority.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Andre B. Lacy as a 
member of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts Advisory 
Committee on the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lance Edward 
Armstrong as a member of the President's Cancer Panel.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Zell Miller as a 
member of the American Battle Monuments Commission.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Pamela Nelson as 
a member of the Commission of Fine Arts.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Eric S. Edelman as 
Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.

August 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Montgomery, IL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Linda Cesario.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Vice President Dick Cheney, Secretary of Defense Donald H. 
Rumsfeld, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Richard B. Myers, 
USAF, and other officials to discuss military issues.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with military and foreign 
policy officials. Later, he met with Vice President Dick Cheney, 
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, and other officials to discuss 
foreign policy issues.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John J. Danilovich 
to be Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jacqueline Ellen 
Schafer to be an Assistant Administrator (Economic Growth, Agriculture, 
and Trade) at the U.S. Agency for International Development.

[[Page 1283]]

    The President announced his intention to designate Carlos Marin as 
Acting U.S. Commissioner of the International Boundary and Water 
Commission, United States and Mexico.

August 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at Broken Spoke Ranch in Crawford, the President 
and Mrs. Bush attended a Republican National Committee lunch. Later, 
they returned to the Bush Ranch.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to the Inauguration of 
Kurmanbek Saliyevich Bakiyev as President of Kyrgyzstan on August 14: 
Carlos M. Gutierrez (head of delegation) and Steven M. Young.