Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 49 (Monday, December 12, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 49 (Monday, December 12, 2005)]
[Pages 1838-1839]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp David, MD.

December 4

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the Kennedy 
Center Honors Gala at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing 
Arts.

December 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Greensboro, NC, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Winfield Rose.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Kernersville, NC, where 
he participated in a tour of the John Deere-Hitachi Construction 
Machinery Corp. excavator assembly line. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.

December 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a hurricane briefing. Later, in the Yellow Oval Room, he and Mrs. 
Bush participated in an interview and photo shoot with People magazine.

[[Page 1839]]

    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President 
attended a Republican National Commitee luncheon. Later, in the 
Roosevelt Room, he met with Jewish educators.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Guy Verhofstadt of Belgium to the White House on January 17, 
2006.
    The White House announced that the January 11, 2006, visit of 
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany to the White House has been 
rescheduled for January 13.

December 7

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil to discuss the upcoming 
World Trade Organization ministerial conference in Hong Kong. Later, he 
had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he participated in a photo opportunity with White House 
interns.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Residence, the President met with 
congressional leaders to discuss legislative priorities.
    In the evening, the President hosted a holiday reception at the 
White House.

December 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel of 
Austria. Then, in the Roosevelt Room, he participated in a briefing with 
Republican Members of Congress on the war on terror.
    In the afternoon, on the State Floor, the President hosted a holiday 
reception for White House staff.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President hosted another 
holiday reception for White House staff.

December 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. He then 
participated in a photo opportunity with Make-a-Wish-Foundation 
children.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Minneapolis, MN, 
where, upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Nancy Sager.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President hosted a holiday reception.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe fall storm, tidal surges, and flooding on September 
22-26.