Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 1 (Monday, January 10, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 1 (Monday, January 10, 2005)]
[Pages 26-27]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 31

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

January 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 2

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC, arriving in the afternoon.

January 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of the Iraqi Interim Government to discuss 
the upcoming elections and the security situation in Iraq.
    During the day, the President and Mrs. Bush, along with former 
Presidents Bill Clinton and George Bush, went to the Embassies of India, 
Indonesia, Sri Lanka, and Thailand, where they signed books of 
condolence for victims of the December 26, 2004, earthquake and tsunamis 
in the Indian Ocean.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey Robert 
Brown to be a member of the Social Security Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Robert D. Jamison 
as Acting Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration.

January 4

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker of Luxembourg, in his capacity as 
President of the European Union, to congratulate him on his reelection 
and to discuss their upcoming meeting to be held February 22 in 
Brussels, Belgium. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida to 
discuss relief efforts following the December 26, 2004, earthquake and 
tsunamis in the Indian Ocean.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Secretary of Health and 
Human Services Tommy G. Thompson. He also met with Secretary of 
Education Roderick R. Paige.

January 5

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to discuss the upcoming meeting of Iraq's 
neighboring countries to be held January 6 in Jordan. He then had a 
telephone conversation with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss 
the situation in Iraq and the upcoming Arab League ministers meeting to 
be held January 12 in Cairo.
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with President Ghazi al-Ujayl al-Yawr of the Iraqi Interim

[[Page 27]]

Government to discuss the upcoming elections in Iraq. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Collinsville, IL, 
arriving in the afternoon. Upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Connie Bergmann.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to name Claude A. Allen as 
Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Daniel Bartlett as 
Counselor to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Nicolle Devenish as 
Assistant to the President for Communications.

January 6

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia to discuss the situation in 
Ukraine and other issues. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Republican 
congressional leaders to discuss legislative priorities.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
individuals to discuss class-action lawsuit reform.
    Later in the afternoon, on the South Lawn, the President and Mrs. 
Bush publicly welcomed their new pet, Miss Beazley, to the White House.
    During the day, the President met with Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida to 
discuss relief efforts following the December 26, 2004, earthquake and 
tsunamis in the Indian Ocean.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush and family members 
attended the 60th wedding anniversary dinner of former President George 
Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland at the White House for a meeting and 
lunch on February 9.

January 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Chairman Connie Mack and Vice Chairman 
John B. Breaux of the President's Advisory Panel on Federal Tax Reform 
and Secretary of the Treasury John W. Snow.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Clinton Township, 
MI, arriving in the afternoon. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
had a telephone conversation with U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations 
John C. Danforth to discuss the situation in Sudan. Upon arrival in 
Clinton Township, the President met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Don 
Kotchman.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Advisory Panel on Federal Tax 
Reform: Connie Mack III (Chairman); John B. Breaux (Vice Chairman); 
William Eldridge Frenzel; Elizabeth Garrett; Edward P. Lazear; Timothy 
J. Muris; James Michael Poterba; Charles O. Rossotti; and Liz Ann 
Sonders.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert B. Zoellick 
to be Deputy Secretary of State.