Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 34 (Monday, August 29, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 34 (Monday, August 29, 2005)]
[Pages 1306-1307]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 20

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing. Later, he went for a bicycle ride with 2005 
Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong.

August 22

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Salt Lake 
City, UT. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence 
briefing. Upon arrival in Salt Lake City, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Willie Hunsaker.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Donnelly, 
ID.
    The President declared a major disaster in Wyoming and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a tornado on August 12.

August 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Hu Jintao of China to the White House on September 7.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas O. Barnett 
to be Assistant Attorney General (Antitrust Division).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Clay Lowery to be 
Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury (International Affairs) and, upon 
confirmation, to designate him as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury 
(International Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate John M. Molino to 
be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Policy and Planning).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lisette M. 
Mondello to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Public and 
Intergovernmental Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles E. Allen as 
Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis at the Department of 
Homeland Security.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on June 30 through July 1.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Cindy on July 5-6.

August 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Nampa, ID.

[[Page 1307]]

    In the afternoon, the President met with families of U.S. military 
personnel killed in Iraq and Afghanistan.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Abdul Aziz Al-Hakim, chairman, Supreme Council for the Islamic 
Revolution in Iraq, to discuss current developments in Iraq's 
constitutional process.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Gdansk, Poland, to attend 
the 25th Anniversary of the Solidarity Movement, on August 31: James A. 
Baker III (head of delegation); Victor Ashe; Daniel Fried; Hank Brown; 
and Irena Kirkland.

August 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he went for a bicycle ride.
    Throughout the day, the President received updates on Hurricane 
Katrina.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James M. Andrew to 
be Administrator of the Rural Utilities Service at the Department of 
Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David B. Dunn to 
be Ambassador to the Togolese Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dale W. Meyerrose 
to be Chief Information Officer at the Office of the Director of 
National Intelligence.

August 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.