Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 48 (Monday, December 5, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 48 (Monday, December 5, 2005)]
[Pages 1808-1809]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 26

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

November 27

    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
King Abdullah II of Saudi Arabia.

November 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council.
    Later in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with Representatives Timothy Murphy, Jim Marshall, and 
Isaac N. Skelton IV who were in a vehicular accident in Iraq on November 
26.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Tucson, AZ, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Al Agellon. Later, he 
had a briefing on border security.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer William 
Mitchell.

November 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to El Paso, TX, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Dale Baugh. Later, he took a driving tour of the Mexico-
U.S. border.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Denver, CO.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of a soldier 
killed in combat. Later, he returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the 
evening.

November 30

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf of Liberia to congratulate her on 
her election victory. He then had an intelligence briefing. Later, he 
traveled to Annapolis, MD.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Baltimore, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
James R. Mueller, commander in chief, Veterans of Foreign Wars.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Chancellor 
Angela Merkel of Germany to the White House on January 11, 2006.

December 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Theodore E. Cardinal McCarrick, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Washington, 
DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a Christmas 
reception at the White House.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and tornados on November 15.

December 2

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. Later, he had an intelligence briefing and a briefing 
on pandemic influenza preparedness and response. Later, he received 
credentials from newly appointed ambassadors to the United States.

[[Page 1809]]

    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to discuss regional issues.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a holiday reception.