Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 18 (Monday, May 9, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 18 (Monday, May 9, 2005)]
[Pages 763-764]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

May 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he and Mrs. Bush met with 2005 Preserve America 
Presidential Award recipients.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an interview with Al Roker of NBC television for later 
broadcast.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Abel Pacheco of Costa Rica, President Leonel Fernandez of the Dominican 
Republic, President Elias Antonio Saca of El Salvador, President Oscar 
Berger of Guatemala, President Ricardo Maduro of Honduras, and President 
Enrique Bolanos of Nicaragua to the White House for a meeting on May 12.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Thomas Weimer 
to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior (Policy, Management, and 
Budget).
    The President announced his intention to designate David A. Sampson 
as Acting Deputy Secretary of Commerce.

May 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Canton, MS, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Ruth Wilson.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to the Czech Republic to 
attend the 60th anniversary of the liberation of Pilsen, on May 6: Jim 
Nicholson (head of delegation); William J. Cabaniss; Maj. Gen. Patrick 
Brady, USA (Ret.); Linda Maynor; and Julian Niemczyk.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert M. Kimmitt 
to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury.

May 4

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to express his regret 
concerning the death of an Italian intelligence agent who was killed at 
a U.S. checkpoint in Iraq on March 4. He then had a telephone 
conversation with President Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia to discuss 
his upcoming visit to Georgia and other issues.

[[Page 764]]

    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He 
then met in the Oval Office with Secretary of Defense Donald H. 
Rumsfeld.

May 5

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hu Jintao of China to discuss the situation in North Korea, 
economic issues, China-Taiwan relations, and other issues. He then had 
an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with Nigerian President and 
Chairman of the African Union Olusegun Obasanjo.

May 6

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush departed for Riga, 
Latvia.
    Later in the morning, while en route to Riga aboard Air Force One, 
the President had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Tony 
Blair of the United Kingdom to congratulate him on his May 5 reelection. 
He then had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush arrived at Riga, Latvia.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia to the White House on May 25.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edmund S. Hawley 
to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation 
Security Administration).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jill L. Sigal to 
be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Congressional and Intergovernmental 
Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate James M. Derham to 
be Ambassador to Guatemala.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Johann 
Dieter to be Ambassador to Belize.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rodolphe M. Vallee 
to be Ambassador to the Slovak Republic.