Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 23 (Monday, June 13, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 23 (Monday, June 13, 2005)]
[Pages 976-977]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 4

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

June 6

    In the morning, the President traveled to Fort Lauderdale, FL. While 
en route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. Upon 
arrival in Fort Lauderdale, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Jaclyn Einstein.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

June 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he met with a delegation of Chinese legislators.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
leaders of the Salvation Army.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    In the evening, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working dinner with Prime Minister Blair.

June 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    In the afternoon, in the Diplomatic Reception Room, the President 
participated in an interview with Neil Cavuto of FOX News for later 
broadcast.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
Republican Members of Congress to discuss legislative priorities.
    In the evening, in the Family Theater, the President and 
representatives of Universal Pictures viewed a screening of the film 
``Cinderella Man''.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Festus Gontebanye Mogae of Botswana, President John Agyekum Kufuor of 
Ghana, President Armando Guebuza of Mozambique, President Hifikepunye 
Pohamba of Namibia, and President Mamadou Tandja of Niger to the White 
House on June 13.

June 9

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations to discuss the 
Secretary-General's recent visit to Africa and regional issues. He then 
had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Columbus, OH, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Dianne Garrett.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Mian 
Khurshid Mahmood Kasuri of Pakistan.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Residence, the President met with 
Democrat Members of the House of Representatives to discuss the Central 
American Free Trade Agreement.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Henry Crumpton to 
be Coordinator for Counterterrorism at the Department of State, with the 
rank of Ambassador at Large.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Benjamin A. Powell 
to be General Counsel of the Office of Director of National 
Intelligence.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald Spogli to 
be Ambassador to Italy.

[[Page 977]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert H. Tuttle 
to be Ambassador to the United Kingdom.
    The President announced his intention to designate Paul W. Curry as 
Acting Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Management).
    The President announced his intention to redesignate LaSalle Doheny 
Leffall, Jr., as Chairman of the President's Cancer Panel.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael O. Leavitt 
and Jim Nicholson as members of the Policy Committee of the White House 
Conference on Aging.

June 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to McLean, VA, where he toured the National Counterterrorism 
Center. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in a photo 
opportunity with recipients of the Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Year 
awards.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol E. Dinkins 
to be Chairman and Alan Charles Raul to be Vice Chairman of the Privacy 
and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lanny J. Davis, 
Theodore B. Olson, and Francis X. Taylor as members of the Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John S. Redd to be 
Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director 
of National Intelligence.