Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 27 (Monday, July 11, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 27 (Monday, July 11, 2005)]
[Pages 1141-1143]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1142]]



July 2

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

July 3

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

July 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Morgantown, WV, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Chuck White III. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, on the White House balcony, the President and Mrs. 
Bush participated in a celebration for his upcoming birthday.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush viewed the Independence 
Day fireworks display on the National Mall from the White House.

July 5

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Kastrup, 
Denmark. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence 
briefing and reviewed material concerning potential nominees for the 
U.S. Supreme Court. Later, he had a briefing on his visit to Europe.
    Later in the day, upon arrival in Kastrup, while aboard Air Force 
One, the President met with Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of 
Denmark. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Fredensborg, Denmark, 
where, at Fredensborg Palace, they participated in a greeting with Queen 
Margrethe II and Prince Consort Henrik of Denmark.

July 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Marienborg, Denmark, where they had 
breakfast with Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark and his 
wife, Anne-Mette Rasmussen. Later, he had a meeting with Prime Minister 
Rasmussen.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Fredensborg, Denmark, where, at Fredensborg Palace, they participated in 
a reception followed by a lunch with Queen Margrethe II and Prince 
Consort Henrik of Denmark.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Copenhagen, Denmark, where they participated in a greeting with U.S. 
Embassy personnel. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Prestwick, 
Scotland, where, upon arrival, they participated in an arrival ceremony 
with First Minister Jack McConnell of Scotland. Later, they traveled to 
Auchterarder, Scotland.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Gleneagles Hotel, the President and 
Mrs. Bush had a meeting with musicians and activists Bob Geldof and Bono 
to discuss international aid to Africa.
    In the evening, at the Gleneagles Hotel, the President participated 
in a photo opportunity with Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom. 
Later, he and Mrs. Bush and G-8 leaders had a dinner reception hosted by 
the Queen and Duke Philip of Edinburgh.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Shaukat Aziz of Pakistan to the White House on July 29.
    The President announced his designation of Gordon H. Mansfield and 
Michael W. Marine as members of the Presidential delegation to attend 
the 10th Anniversary of the Normalization of U.S.-Vietnam Relations in 
Hanoi, Vietnam, on July 12.
    The President declared a major disaster in Idaho and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area impacted 
by heavy rains and flooding on May 6-20.

July 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Gleneagles Hotel, he had a working breakfast with Prime Minister 
Tony Blair of the United Kingdom. Later, he participated in G-8 summit 
meetings.
    Later in the morning, the President had a briefing on the terrorist 
attacks in London, England. He then had a video conference with his 
national and homeland security advisers.

[[Page 1143]]

    In the afternoon, at the Gleneagles Hotel, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with G-8 leaders and leaders of 
emerging economies. Later, they had lunch.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Gleneagles Hotel, the President 
participated in an official photo with G-8 leaders followed by G-8 
summit meetings.
    In the evening, at the Gleneagles Hotel, the President had a working 
dinner with G-8 leaders to discuss counterterrorism efforts, weapons of 
mass destruction, the situations in North Korea and Iran, and regional 
issues.

July 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Gleneagles Hotel, he met with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the 
United Kingdom.
    Later in the morning, at the Gleneagles Hotel, the President 
participated in G-8 summit meetings.
    In the afternoon, at the Gleneagles Hotel, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with G-8 leaders and African 
leaders. Later, they had a working lunch.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of El Salvador to the White House on July 
15.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the 10th Anniversary 
of the Srebrenica Massacre in Bosnia and Herzegovina to be held on July 
11: Pierre-Richard Prosper (head of delegation); Douglas L. McElhaney; 
and Richard C. Holbrooke.