Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 43 (Monday, October 31, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 43 (Monday, October 31, 2005)]
[Pages 1619-1621]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 22

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Louisiana by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
Public Assistance projects undertaken as a result of Hurricane Katrina.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Mississippi by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding 
for Public Assistance projects undertaken as a result of Hurricane 
Katrina.

October 23

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

[[Page 1620]]

    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff to discuss preparations 
for Hurricane Wilma.

October 24

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with R. David Paulison, Acting Director, Federal Emergency Management 
Agency, and Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida to discuss Hurricane Wilma.
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with President-elect Lech Kaczynski of Poland to congratulate him on his 
October 23 election victory and to discuss other issues. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Ambassador to Afghanistan Ronald E. Neumann. Later, he dropped by a 
meeting between the National Security Council and Minister of Industry 
and Energy Viktor Borisovich Khristenko of Russia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ben S. Bernanke to 
be a member and Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Wilma beginning on October 23 and continuing.

October 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Wilma. Later, in the Rose Garden and the Yellow 
Oval Room, he and Mrs. Bush posed for their official portraits.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with 2005 National Physical Fitness Champions.

October 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Ambassador to Iraq Zalmay Khalilzad. He 
then met with Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, Senate Majority Whip 
Mitch McConnell, Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis 
Hastert, and House Majority Whip Roy Blunt to discuss legislative 
priorities.
    Later in the morning, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, the President participated in a bill signing 
ceremony for S. 397, Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act.
    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President met with President 
John Agyekum Kufuor of Ghana.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Associate Justice-designate Harriet E. Miers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bernadette M. 
Allen to be Ambassador to Niger.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janice L. Jacobs 
to be Ambassador to Senegal and Guinea-Bissau.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marilyn Ware to be 
Ambassador to Finland.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bradley P. Clawson, 
James E. Lockey, and John W. Poston, Sr., as members of the Advisory 
Board on Radiation and Worker Health.
    The President announced his intention to designate Naomi Churchill 
Earp as Vice Chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Louisiana by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
Public Assistance projects undertaken as a result of Hurricane Rita.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on October 7-18.

October 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Associate Justice-designate Harriet E. Miers.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Miami, FL. Upon 
arrival in the afternoon, he traveled to Pompano Beach, FL, where he 
toured the areas damaged by Hurricane Wilma.

[[Page 1621]]

    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Miami, FL, where 
he toured the National Hurricane Center. He then participated in a 
briefing with R. David Paulison, Acting Director, Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, and Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida on Hurricane Wilma 
recovery efforts. Later, he returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the 
evening.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia N. Moller 
to be Ambassador to Burundi.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol van Voorst 
to be Ambassador to Iceland.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Ross Wilson to be 
Ambassador to Turkey.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Stephen Friedman as 
a member of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board and, 
upon appointment, to designate him as Chairman of the President's 
Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board and member and Chairman of the 
Intelligence Oversight Board.

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory 
Board: James L. Barksdale; Arthur B. Culvahouse; William O. DeWitt, Jr.; 
Adm. James O. Ellis, USN, (Ret.); Donald L. Evans; Martin Faga; Lee 
Hamilton; Ray Hunt; David E. Jeremiah; John L. Morrison; and Elizabeth 
Pate-Cornell.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Stefanie R. Osburn 
as Executive Director of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory 
Board.

October 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Norfolk, VA.

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.

    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.