Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 25 (Monday, June 27, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 25 (Monday, June 27, 2005)]
[Pages 1069-1071]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 18

    In the morning, in Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

June 19

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

June 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office,

[[Page 1070]]

the President met with Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker of Luxembourg, 
in his capacity as President of the European Council, President Jose 
Manuel Durao Barroso of the European Commission, and Secretary General 
Javier Solana of the European Council. They then had a meeting in the 
Cabinet Room.
    In the afternoon, in the Blue Room, the President had lunch with 
President Juncker, President Barroso, and Secretary General Solana.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in a meeting and 
photo opportunity with White House Fellows.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lawrence Scott 
Charbo as Chief Information Officer at the Department of Homeland 
Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sue Ellen 
Wooldridge to be Assistant Attorney General (Environment and Natural 
Resources Division) at the Department of Justice.

June 21

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to discuss counterterrorism 
efforts, United Nations reform, and other issues. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the State Dining Room, the President met with 
the Senate Republican Policy Committee.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
former Secretary General Lord Robertson of the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization. Later, in the Residence, he met with Republican Members of 
the House of Representatives to discuss the Central American-Dominican 
Republic Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA).

June 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Lusby, MD, where he toured the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear 
Power Plant. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

June 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Silver Spring, MD.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with bipartisan supporters 
of the Central American-Dominican Republic Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA).
    Later in the afternoon, in the Residence, the President met with 
Republican and Democrat Members of the Senate to discuss CAFTA.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven G. Bradbury 
to be an Assistant Attorney General (Office of Legal Counsel) at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Colleen Duffy Kiko 
to be General Counsel of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephanie Johnson 
Monroe to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department of 
Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Granta Y. Nakayama 
to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency 
(Enforcement and Compliance Assurance).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary M. Rose to be 
a member of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ignacio Eduardo 
Sanchez as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson 
International Center for Scholars.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kent R. Hill to be 
an Assistant Administrator (Global Health) at the U.S. Agency for 
International Development.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding May 11-12.

June 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a briefing and

[[Page 1071]]

met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld; Gen. John P. Abizaid, 
USA, combatant commander, U.S. Central Command; Gen. George W. Casey, 
Jr., USA, commanding general, Multi-National Force--Iraq; and Gen. 
Richard B. Myers, USAF, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jafari of the Iraqi Transitional Government.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had lunch with 
Prime Minister al-Jafari. Later, he met with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jabir Al Sabah of Kuwait to the White House 
on July 1.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister John Howard of Australia to the White House on July 19.