Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 29 (Monday, July 25, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 29 (Monday, July 25, 2005)]
[Pages 1175-1176]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 13383--Amending Executive Orders 12139 and 12949 in 
Light of Establishment of the Office of Director of National 
Intelligence

July 15, 2005

    By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and 
the laws of the United States of America, it is hereby ordered as 
follows:

[[Page 1176]]

    Section. 1. Section 1-103 of Executive Order 12139 of May 23, 1979, 
is amended by:
    (a) striking ``(c) Director of Central Intelligence'' and inserting 
in lieu thereof ``(c) Director of National Intelligence'';
    (b) striking ``(g) Deputy Director of Central Intelligence'' and 
inserting in lieu thereof ``(g) Director of the Central Intelligence 
Agency''; and
    (c) adding at the end thereof ``(h) Principal Deputy Director of 
National Intelligence.''.
    Sec. 2. Section 3 of Executive Order 12949 of February 9, 1995, is 
amended by:
    (a) striking ``(c) Director of Central Intelligence'' and inserting 
in lieu thereof ``Director of National Intelligence'';
    (b) striking ``and'' at the end of subsection (f);
    (c) striking ``(g) Deputy Director of Central Intelligence.'' and 
inserting in lieu thereof ``(g) Director of the Central Intelligence 
Agency; and''; and
    (d) adding at the end thereof ``(h) Principal Deputy Director of 
National Intelligence.''.
    Sec. 3. This order is not intended to, and does not, create any 
right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable by any party at 
law or in equity against the United States, its departments, agencies, 
entities, officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.
                                                George W. Bush

The White House,
July 15, 2005.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., July 19, 
2005]

Note: This Executive order was published in the Federal Register on July 
20. This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.