Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 11 (Monday, March 21, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 11 (Monday, March 21, 2005)]
[Pages 478-480]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the Gridiron 
Club dinner at the Capital Hilton Hotel.

March 14

    In the morning, in his private dining room, the President had a 
breakfast meeting with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Karen 
Hughes to discuss his nomination of Hughes to be Under Secretary of 
State for Public Diplomacy. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the State Dining Room, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with Intel Science Talent Search 
finalists.

[[Page 479]]

    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with John 
Furgess, national commander-in-chief, Veterans of Foreign Wars. Later, 
also in the Oval Office, he met with Bishop William S. Skylstad, 
president, U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
    In the evening, in the Diplomatic Reception Room, the President and 
Mrs. Bush hosted a reception for the diplomatic corps.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dina Habib Powell 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on January 7-12.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record and/or near-record snow on January 22-23.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record and/or near-record snow on February 10-11.

March 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
participated in a roundtable interview with representatives of regional 
newspapers.
    The President announced that he has nominated the following 
individuals to be members of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission: James H. Bilbray; Philip Coyle; Adm. Harold W. Gehman, Jr., 
USN (Ret.); James V. Hansen; Gen. James T. Hill, USA (Ret.); Lt. Gen. 
Claude M. Kicklighter, USA (Ret.); Samuel Knox Skinner; and Brig. Gen. 
Sue Ellen Turner, USAF (Ret.)

March 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President met with Deputy 
Secretary of Defense Paul D. Wolfowitz and Secretary of the Treasury 
John W. Snow to discuss the President's recommendation of Wolfowitz to 
serve as President of the World Bank.
    The President announced that he has directed World Bank U.S. 
Executive Director Robert B. Holland to recommend that the World Bank 
Board of Directors elect Paul D. Wolfowitz as President of the World 
Bank.
    The President announced his intention to designate Kevin J. Martin 
as Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission.

March 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland. Then, in the Diplomatic 
Reception Room, he participated in a photo opportunity with Northern 
Ireland political and civic leaders. Later, also in the Diplomatic 
Reception Room, he met with family members of Robert McCartney, who was 
murdered in Belfast, Ireland, on January 30.
    In the afternoon, at the Capitol, the President and Prime Minister 
Ahern attended a Saint Patrick's Day luncheon hosted by Speaker of the 
House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Thomas P. Cadmus, national commander, American Legion.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph H. Boardman 
to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, Department 
of Transportation.

March 18

    In the morning, the President traveled to Pensacola, FL. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he met with Senator Mel R. Martinez and 
Representatives Tom Feeney, Ric Keller, Jeff Miller, Adam H. Putnam, and 
Dave Weldon of Florida. Later, also aboard Air Force One, he had an 
intelligence briefing. Upon arrival in Pensacola, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Bob Woodard.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Orlando, FL, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Betty Haggard. Later, 
he toured the Life Project Senior Development Center.

[[Page 480]]

    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, on 
April 11.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda M. Springer 
to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John Belle as a 
member of the Commission of Fine Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Herbert F. Ames as 
a member of the National Capital Planning Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint A. Norman Crowder 
III, Robert Gordan, and Leopoldo E. Guzman as members of the Advisory 
Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to designate James E. Nevels 
as Chair of the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Architectural and Transportation Barriers 
Compliance Board (Access Board): Tricia Mason; Philip G. Pearce; Daniel 
O. Rios; and John O. Woods, Jr.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles M. Younger 
as a member of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Military Academy.