Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 50 (Monday, December 19, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 50 (Monday, December 19, 2005)]
[Pages 1870-1871]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted December 13

 Michell C. Clark,

 of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Management, Department of 
Education, vice William Leidinger.

 Michael L. Dominguez,

 of Virginia, to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and 
Readiness, vice Charles S. Abell, resigned.

 Gary A. Grappo,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Sultanate of Oman.

 Bradford R. Higgins,

 of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Resource 
Management), vice Christopher Bancroft Burnham.

 Bradford R. Higgins,

 of Connecticut, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of State, 
vice Christopher Bancroft Burnham, resigned.

 Raymond L. Orbach,

 of California, to be Under Secretary for Science, Department of Energy 
(new position).

 Anne-Imelda Radice,

 of Vermont, to be Director of the Institute of Museum Services, vice 
Robert S. Martin.
 Withdrawn December 13

 Ellen G. Engleman Conners,

 of Indiana, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board 
for a term of 2 years (reappointment), which was sent to the Senate on 
April 4, 2005.

 Edward L. Flippen,

 of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Corporation for National and 
Community Service, vice J. Russell George, which was sent to the Senate 
on January 24, 2005.

 John M. Molino,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Policy 
and Planning), vice Claude M. Kicklighter, resigned, which was sent to 
the Senate on September 6, 2005.
 Submitted December 14

 Patrick Joseph Schiltz,

 of Minnesota, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Minnesota, 
vice Richard H. Kyle, retired.

[[Page 1871]]

 Jack Zouhary,

 of Ohio, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Ohio, 
vice David A. Katz, retired.
 Submitted December 15

 Terrance P. Flynn,

 of New York, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of New York 
for the term of 4 years, vice Michael A. Battle, resigned.

 Stephen G. Larson,

 of California, to be U.S. District Judge for the Central District of 
California, vice Robert J. Timlin, retired.
Submitted December 16

Michael Ryan Barrett,

of Ohio, to be U.S. District Judge for the Southern District of Ohio, 
vice Walter Herbert Rice, retired.

Robert D. Lenhard,

of Maryland, to be a member of the Federal Election Commission for a 
term expiring April 30, 2011, vice Danny Lee McDonald, term expired.

Reginald I. Lloyd,

of South Carolina, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of South 
Carolina for the term of 4 years, vice J. Strom Thurmond, Jr., resigned.

David M. Mason,

of Virginia, to be a member of the Federal Election Commission for a 
term expiring April 30, 2009 (reappointment).

Norman Randy Smith,

of Idaho, to be U.S. Circuit Court Judge for the Ninth Circuit, vice 
Stephen S. Trott, retired.

Hans von Spakovsky,

of Georgia, to be a member of the Federal Election Commission for a term 
expiring April 30, 2011, vice Bradley A. Smith, resigned.

Steven T. Walther,

of Nevada, to be a member of the Federal Election Commission for a term 
expiring April 30, 2009, vice Scott E. Thomas, term expired.