Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 26 (Monday, July 4, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 26 (Monday, July 4, 2005)]
[Pages 1109-1111]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 26

    In the afternoon, the President attended a White House tee-ball game 
on the South Lawn.

June 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the South Lawn, he participated in a photo opportunity with the 
District of Columbia Metropolitan Motorcycle Escort Officers.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of Germany. Later, he 
had a meeting with members of the Coalition for the Modernization and 
Protection of America's Social Security.
    Later in the afternoon, in the East Room, the President participated 
in a photo opportunity with the 2005 Presidential Scholars.

[[Page 1110]]

    During the day, the President received the 90-day report on the 
Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America from Secretary of 
State Condoleezza Rice, Secretary of Commerce Carlos M. Gutierrez, and 
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff.

June 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he had a breakfast meeting with congressional 
leaders to discuss legislative priorities.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Republican Members of the 
House of Representatives to discuss the Central American-Dominican 
Republic Free Trade Agreement. Later, he traveled to Fort Bragg, NC, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jim Stitt, 
Jr.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Watters Center/Chaplain's House, the 
President met with family members of soldiers killed in Iraq and 
Afghanistan.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore to the White House on July 12.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Phillip Jackson 
Bell to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Logistics and Materiel 
Readiness.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan Parker 
Bodine to be Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste and 
Emergency Response, Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Hillen to be 
Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Darryl W. Jackson 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce (Export Enforcement).
    The President announced his intention to nominate David H. McCormick 
to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gillian A. 
Milovanovic to be Ambassador to Macedonia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Retzer to 
be Ambassador to Tanzania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald M. Sega to 
be Under Secretary of the Air Force.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Josette Sheeran 
Shiner to be Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and 
Agricultural Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric M. Thorson to 
be Inspector General of the Small Business Administration.

June 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. Later, in the Situation Room, he 
participated in a National Security Council briefing on the report of 
the Commission on the Intelligence Capabilities of the United States 
Regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
ITV of the United Kingdom for later broadcast. Later, he met with Lt. 
Gen. William E. ``Kip'' Ward, Senior United States Security Coordinator, 
and James D. Wolfensohn, Quartet Special Envoy for Gaza Disengagement.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President 
participated in a signing ceremony for the Patient Navigator Outreach 
and Chronic Disease Prevention Act of 2005.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, flooding, snow melt, and ice jams on March 29-May 3.

June 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced the nomination of John O. Agwunobi to be 
Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Health.
    The President announced the nomination of James Cain to be 
Ambassador to Denmark.
    The President announced the nomination of Keith E. Eastin to be 
Assistant Secretary

[[Page 1111]]

of the Army for Installations and Environment.
    The President announced the nomination of A.J. Eggenberger to be a 
member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board.
    The President announced the nomination of Terrell Halaska to be 
Assistant Secretary of Education for Cultural Affairs.
    The President announced the nomination of Kim Kendrick to be 
Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Fair Housing 
and Equal Opportunity.
    The President announced the nomination of Ronald E. Meisburg to be 
General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced the nomination of Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr. 
to be president of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
    The President announced the nomination of Julie L. Myers to be 
Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Bureau of Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement).
    The President announced the nomination of Patrick M. O'Brien to be 
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorist Finance.
    The President announced the nomination of Peter Schaumber to be a 
member of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced the nomination of Kristen Silverberg to be 
Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jendayi Elizabeth 
Frazer to be Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark Langdale to 
be Ambassador to Costa Rica.
    The President announced the designation of Joseph Timothy Kelliher 
as Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced the designation of Stephen D. Glavan as 
Acting Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
    The President announced the designation of Cynthia A. Glassman as 
Acting Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    The President announced the designation of Arthur F. Rosenfeld as 
Acting General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board.

July 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in a photo opportunity and meeting with members of the 
National Society of the Sons of the American Revolution and received the 
society's Distinguished Patriot Award.
    Also in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President had a 
telephone conversation with U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day 
O'Connor to discuss her resignation. Later, in the Oval Office, he met 
with Prime Minister Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jabir Al Sabah of Kuwait.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with Prime Minister Sabah. Later, he had separate 
telephone conversations with Senator Patrick J. Leahy, ranking member, 
and Senator Arlen Specter, chairman, Senate Committee on the Judiciary, 
to discuss the U.S. Supreme Court vacancy. He also left a telephone 
message for Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid concerning the Supreme 
Court vacancy.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Walter Reed Army 
Medical Center and visited with U.S. military personnel wounded in Iraq 
and Afghanistan and their family members, and he presented Purple Hearts 
to some of the soldiers. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.