Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 21 (Monday, May 30, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 21 (Monday, May 30, 2005)]
[Pages 896-898]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Grand Rapids, MI, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Ruth Dekker. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel, the President attended 
the White House News Photographers' Association ``Eyes of History'' 
gala.

May 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Mrs. Bush to discuss her ongoing travels in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss United Nations 
Security Council reform and other issues.

May 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Rochester, NY, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer George-Ann Schauffele. He then traveled to 
Greece, NY.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Residence, he met with Republican Members of the House of 
Representatives to discuss legislative priorities.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to the White House on June 8.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to the White House for a meeting and working 
lunch on June 10.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jan E. Boyer to be 
U.S. Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-American Development 
Bank.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Timothy E. 
Flanigan to be Deputy

[[Page 897]]

Attorney General at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Alan 
Jeffrey to be Director of the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology at the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ashok G. 
Kaveeshwar to be Administrator of the Research and Innovative Technology 
Administration at the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Walter Lukken to 
be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathie L. Olsen to 
be Deputy Director of the National Science Foundation.

May 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with recipients of the National Center for Missing and Exploited 
Children's Awards. Later, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, he met with the President's Export Council.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Thabo Mbeki of South Africa to the White House on June 1.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Denmark 
on July 6, prior to his participation in the Group of Eight (G-8) Summit 
in Gleneagles, Scotland.
    The President announced that he has named Rhonda Keenum as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director of Public Liaison.
    The President announced that he has named Juan Carlos Zarate as 
Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser 
for Combating Terrorism.

May 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of 
the Palestinian Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William C. 
Anderson to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations and 
Environment).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Israel Hernandez 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of the United 
States and Foreign Commercial Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Philip D. Morrison 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Tax Policy).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald E. Neumann 
to be Ambassador to Afghanistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard A. Raymond 
to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food Safety.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gregory L. Schulte 
to be U.S. Representative to the Vienna Office of the United Nations and 
U.S. Representative to the IAEA, with the rank of Ambassador.

May 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Annapolis, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome 
Organization of American States Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza of 
Chile to the White House on May 31.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Phan Van Khai of Vietnam to the White House on June 21.

[[Page 898]]