Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 35 (Monday, September 5, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 35 (Monday, September 5, 2005)]
[Pages 1344-1346]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 27

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared an emergency in Louisiana and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the parishes 
located in the path of Hurricane Katrina beginning on August 26 and 
continuing.

August 28

    During the day, the President participated in a video teleconference 
with representatives of Federal and State emergency management 
organizations on Hurricane Katrina.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Katrina beginning on August 24 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the 
counties located in the path of Hurricane Katrina beginning on August 27 
and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Alabama and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the counties 
located in the direct path of Hurricane Katrina beginning on August 28 
and continuing.

August 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a briefing by Federal Emergency Management Agency Director Michael D. 
Brown on Hurricane Katrina. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Luke Air 
Force Base, Glendale, AZ. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a 
telephone conversation with Director Brown to further discuss Hurricane 
Katrina and recovery efforts. Upon arrival in Glendale, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteers Ruben and Rita Carroll.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to El 
Mirage, AZ. Later, they traveled to Rancho Cucamonga, CA, where, upon 
arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Joe 
Graff.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Coronado, CA. Later, he had telephone conversations with Gov. Haley 
Barbour of Mississippi, Gov. Bob Riley of Alabama, and Gov. Kathleen 
Babineaux Blanco of Louisiana to discuss Hurricane Katrina.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Katrina on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Katrina beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Katrina on August 29 and continuing.

August 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a briefing on Hurricane Katrina. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
San Diego, CA.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in an 
interview with Armed Forces Radio and Television Service. Then, at the 
Naval Medical Center, they met with medical health care providers.

[[Page 1345]]

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.

August 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a videoconference on Hurricane Katrina and recovery efforts. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the afternoon. While en route 
aboard Air Force One, he viewed areas damaged by Hurricane Katrina.
    In the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President had a meeting 
with the White House Task Force on Hurricane Katrina Recovery.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdullah II of Saudi Arabia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Santanu K. Baruah 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Emilio T. Gonzalez 
to be Director of the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services at 
the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey D. Jarrett 
to be Assistant Secretary of Energy (Fossil Energy).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ellen R. Sauerbrey 
to be Assistant Secretary of State (Population, Refugees, and 
Migration).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alexander R. 
Vershbow to be Ambassador to South Korea.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kenneth G. 
Prillaman as Chief Human Capital Officer at the Department of Homeland 
Security.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Alice S. 
Fisher as Assistant Attorney General (Criminal Division) at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Peter 
Schaumber as a member of the National Labor Relations Board.

September 1

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Petty Officer Josh Mitcheltree of the U.S. Coast Guard to express his 
appreciation for his efforts and the efforts of his colleagues in 
response to Hurricane Katrina. He then had a telephone conversation with 
Federal Emergency Management Agency Director Michael D. Brown to discuss 
recovery efforts in response to Hurricane Katrina.

    Later in the morning, the President participated in an interview 
with Diane Sawyer of ABC's ``Good Morning America.'' He then had an 
intelligence briefing. Later, he had a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister Paul Martin of Canada, in which the Prime Minister expressed 
his condolences on the damage and loss of life caused by Hurricane 
Katrina.

    Later in the morning, the President met with Secretary of Defense 
Donald H. Rumsfeld; Gen. Richard B. Myers, USAF, Chairman, Joint Chiefs 
of Staff; Lt. Gen. H. Steven Blum, Chief, National Guard Bureau; and 
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff to discuss operational 
concerns and the security situation in the areas affected by Hurricane 
Katrina.

    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Federal Reserve 
Chairman Alan Greenspan. He then participated in a briefing by his 
economic team on the economic impact of Hurricane Katrina.

    Also in the afternoon, the President met with Lt. Gen. H. Steven 
Blum, Chief, National Guard Bureau, and Secretary of Homeland Security 
Michael Chertoff to discuss the security situation in the areas affected 
by Hurricane Katrina.

    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Lawrence Gonzi of Malta for a meeting at the White House on 
October 3.

    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Georgi Purvanov of Bulgaria for a meeting at the White House on October 
17.

    The President announced a nationwide charitable fundraising effort 
to be led by former Presidents George Bush and William J. Clinton to aid 
the Gulf Coast victims of Hurricane Katrina.

[[Page 1346]]

September 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Katrina. He then met with Secretary of Homeland 
Security Michael Chertoff; Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld; 
Federal Emergency Management Agency Director Michael D. Brown; Gen. 
Richard B. Myers, USAF, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff; Lt. Gen. Russel 
L. Honore, USA, commanding general, First United States Army; Adm. 
Timothy J. Keating, USN, commander, North American Aerospace Defense 
Command and U.S. Northern Command.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Mobile, AL, where, 
upon arrival, he met with Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi and Gov. Bob 
Riley of Alabama. They then took a helicopter tour of the area damaged 
by Hurricane Katrina.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Biloxi, MS, where he 
toured the area damaged by Hurricane Katrina. He then traveled to New 
Orleans, LA, where, upon arrival, he met with Gov. Kathleen Babineaux 
Blanco of Louisiana. Later, they took an aerial tour of New Orleans.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Vladimir Putin of Russia to the White House on September 16.
    The President verbally declared an emergency in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from and to provide emergency assistance to those areas struck 
by Hurricane Katrina beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President verbally declared an emergency in Texas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from and to provide emergency assistance to those areas struck 
by Hurricane Katrina beginning on August 29 and continuing.