Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 23 (Monday, June 13, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 23 (Monday, June 13, 2005)]
[Pages 977-978]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted June 6

 John Ross Beyrle,

 of Michigan, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Bulgaria.

 Alan W. Eastham, Jr.,

 of Arkansas, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Malawi.

 John R. Fisher,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the District 
of Columbia Court of Appeals for the term of 15 years, vice Annice M. 
Wagner, retired.

 Charles A. Ford,

 of Georgia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Republic of Honduras.

 Kevin I. Fromer,

 of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury, vice John 
M. Duncan.

 Henry Louis Johnson,

 of Mississippi, to be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary 
Education, Department of Education, vice Raymond Simon, resigned.

 Marcus C. Peacock,

 of Minnesota, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency, vice Stephen L. Johnson, resigned.

 Katherine Hubay Peterson,

 of California, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Botswana.

 John M. Reich,

 of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision for a 
term of 5 years, vice James Gilleran, term expired.

[[Page 978]]

 Marie L. Yovanovitch,

 of Connecticut, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Kyrgyz Republic.
 Withdrawn June 6

 John M. Reich,

 of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision for a 
term expiring October 23, 2007, vice James Gilleran, term expired, which 
was sent to the Senate on May 25, 2005.
 Submitted June 8

 John Richard Smoak,

 of Florida, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of 
Florida, vice C. Roger Vinson, retired.

 Kenneth L. Wainstein,

 of Virginia, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia for the 
term of 4 years, vice Roscoe Conklin Howard, Jr., resigned.
 Submitted June 9

 Henry Crumpton,

 of Virginia, to be Coordinator for Counterterrorism, with the rank and 
status of Ambassador at Large, vice J. Cofer Black.

 Benjamin A. Powell,

 of Florida, to be General Counsel of the Office of the Director of 
National Intelligence (new position).

 Ronald Spogli,

 of California, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Italian Republic.

 Robert H. Tuttle,

 of California, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland.