Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 10 (Monday, March 14, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 10 (Monday, March 14, 2005)]
[Pages 422-424]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada 
to discuss their March 23 meeting in Texas and other issues.

March 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the South Lawn, he and Mrs. Bush welcomed King Harald V and Queen 
Sonja of Norway.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with the 
King and Queen of Norway.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Pittsburgh, PA. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone 
conversation with President Jacques Chirac of France to discuss the 
situation in Lebanon.
    Later in the afternoon, upon arrival in Pittsburgh, the President 
met with USA

[[Page 423]]

Freedom Corps volunteer Jennie Roth. Later, at the Providence Family 
Support Center, he and Mrs. Bush met with participants in the Center's 
afterschool program. Later, they returned to Washington, DC.
    Also in the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to discuss regional issues 
including the situation in Lebanon.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Vaclav Klaus of the Czech Republic to the White House on March 8.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John R. Bolton to 
be U.S. Representative to the United Nations with the rank of 
Ambassador, and to be U.S. Representative in the Security Council of the 
United Nations and U.S. Representative to the Sessions of the General 
Assembly of the United Nations during his tenure of service as U.S. 
Representative to the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel Fried to be 
Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs.

March 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in an Oval Office ceremony, he received the annual report of the Boy 
Scouts of America. He then met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. 
Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Vaclav Klaus of the Czech Republic.
    In the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Flavio Dario Espinal Jacobo of 
the Dominican Republic, EK Sereywath of Cambodia, Deborah-Mae Lovell of 
Antigua and Barbuda, Hopelong U. Ipinge of Nambia, Seok-hyun Hong of 
South Korea, Mohamed Nejib Hachana of Tunisia, and Frank McKenna of 
Canada.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with Republican Senators 
to discuss Social Security reform.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to the White House on March 15.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nevada and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by heavy rains and flooding on January 7-13.

March 9

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to discuss the situations in 
North Korea and the Middle East, beef exports, and other issues. He then 
had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Columbus, OH. Upon 
arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Betty 
Cheney. Later, he participated in a tour of the Battelle Memorial 
Institute.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. 
Later, in the Oval Office, he met with Ministers of Women's Affairs 
Massouda Jalal and Narmin Othman of Afghanistan and Iraq, respectively, 
who were in Washington, DC, to attend International Women's Day events.

March 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Republican Members of the House of Representatives to 
discuss Social Security reform.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Louisville, KY, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Monica 
Hardin.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Montgomery, AL, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Andrew ``Woody'' 
Woodcock.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Memphis, TN, 
arriving in the evening.

March 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Shreveport, LA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Lindsey 
Allen.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Viktor

[[Page 424]]

Yushchenko of Ukraine at the White House for a meeting and working lunch 
on April 4.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael D. Griffin 
to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles F. Conner 
to be Deputy Secretary of Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Joseph to 
be Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul D. Clement to 
be Solicitor General at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kim Wang to be a 
member of the National Museum and Library Services Board.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Israel to attend the 
Inauguration of the Yad Vashem New Holocaust History Museum on March 15: 
Michael R. Bloomberg (head of delegation), Elie Wiesel, Daniel Kurtzer, 
Fred S. Zeidman, Rebbetzin Esther Jungreis, Norma Lerner, and Rabbi 
Isaac Neuman.