Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 39 (Monday, October 3, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 39 (Monday, October 3, 2005)]
[Pages 1478-1480]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1479]]



September 24

    In the morning, at the U.S. Northern Command in Colorado Springs, 
CO, the President had a briefing on Hurricane Rita by officials of the 
North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). Later, he toured the 
facility.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Adm. Timothy J. 
Keating, USN, commander, U.S. Northern Command. He then had another 
briefing on Hurricane Rita.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Austin, TX.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to San Antonio, TX.
    The President declared a disaster in Louisiana and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
Hurricane Rita beginning on September 23 and continuing.
    The President declared a disaster in Texas and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
Hurricane Rita beginning on September 23 and continuing.

September 25

    In the morning, at Randolph Air Force Base, the President had a 
briefing on Hurricane Rita. Later, he traveled to Baton Rouge, LA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

September 26

    In the morning, in the Situation Room, the President had an 
intelligence briefing. Later, he had a briefing on Hurricanes Katrina 
and Rita recovery efforts.
    Later in the morning, the President went to the Department of Energy 
where he participated in a briefing on energy supply issues related to 
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Later, he returned to the White House.

September 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a briefing on Hurricanes Katrina and Rita recovery efforts.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Beaumont, TX. Later, 
he took an aerial tour of the area damaged by the hurricanes, concluding 
his tour in Lake Charles, LA.
    In the afternoon, the President met with first-responders involved 
with Hurricanes Katrina and Rita recovery efforts.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kent D. Talbert to 
be General Counsel at the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Horace A. Thompson 
to be a member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jendayi Elizabeth 
Frazer to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation (Government Representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Timothy D. Adams as 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Brig. Gen. Bill 
Grisoli, USA, as the Federal member of the Delaware River Basin 
Commission (Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania), and as 
the Federal member of the Susquehanna River Basin Commission (Maryland, 
New York, and Pennsylvania).
    The President announced his intention to appoint William McDowell 
Matz, Jr., as a member of the Veterans Disability Benefits Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Linda M. Springer 
as a member of the President's Commission on White House Fellowships.

September 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a briefing on Hurricanes Katrina and Rita recovery efforts. Later, 
he participated in a briefing on the war on terror.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice and National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland at the White House

[[Page 1480]]

for a farewell meeting and lunch on October 12.

September 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a briefing on Hurricanes Katrina and Rita recovery efforts.
    Later in the morning, in the Roosevelt Room, the President, Chief 
Justice-designate John G. Roberts, Jr., and other officials watched the 
Senate vote for Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had lunch with 
Chief Justice-designate Roberts and his wife, Jane.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Gen. Richard B. Myers, USAF, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, and 
members of his family. Later, also in the Oval Office, he met with 
congressional leaders to discuss legislative priorities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gigi Hyland to be 
a member of the National Credit Union Administration Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Thomas Rosch to 
be a Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Terrence L. Bracy 
to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall 
Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jean B. Elshtain, 
Allen C. Guelzo, and Eugene Hickok to be members of the National Council 
on the Humanities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sarah M. Singleton 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margaret Spellings 
to be a Representative of the United States to the 33d General 
Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural 
Organization.

September 30

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India to discuss India-U.S. relations, 
regional developments, and other issues. He then had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he had a briefing on Hurricanes Katrina and Rita 
recovery efforts.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Arlington, VA. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority to the White 
House on October 20.