Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 2 (Monday, January 17, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 2 (Monday, January 17, 2005)]
[Pages 61-62]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council.
    Later in the morning, at the U.S. Agency for International 
Development, the President met with presidents of international relief 
organizations to discuss relief efforts following the December 26, 2004, 
earthquake and tsunamis in the Indian Ocean.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Secretary of Energy Spencer Abraham. Later, also in the Oval Office, he 
met with Secretary of Veterans Affairs Anthony J. Principi.
    Later in the afternoon, the President received a briefing and 
participated in a discussion on efforts to improve tsunami monitoring 
and warning systems in response to the December 26, 2004, earthquake and 
tsunamis in the Indian Ocean. Later, in the Oval Office, he participated 
in an interview with The Wall Street Journal.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority to 
congratulate him on his January 9 election victory.
    The President announced that he has named Allan B. Hubbard as 
Assistant to the President for Economic Policy and Director of the 
National Economic Council.
    The President announced that he has named Candida Perotti Wolff as 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.

January 11

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of the Iraqi Interim Government

[[Page 62]]

to discuss the upcoming elections in Iraq. He then had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Attorney General John 
Ashcroft. Later, he met with Defense Minister Sergey Borisovich Ivanov 
of Russia.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in an interview 
with The Washington Times.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Chertoff 
to be Secretary of Homeland Security.
    The President declared an emergency in Indiana and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on December 21-23, 2004.
    The President declared an emergency in Ohio and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record snow on December 22-24, 2004.

January 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Falls Church, VA. Upon arrival at J.E.B. 
Stuart High School, they met with school officials and international 
baccalaureate program students.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in an 
interview with Barbara Walters of ABC's ``20/20'' show for later 
broadcast.

January 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Arlington, VA.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
teachers and a principal to discuss education priorities. Later, he met 
with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in an interview 
with USA Today. He then participated in an interview with 
representatives of regional media.
    The President announced that he has named Jim Towey as Assistant to 
the President and Director of the Office of Faith-Based and Community 
Initiatives.

January 14

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Ghazi al-Ujayl al-Yawr of the Iraqi Interim Government to 
discuss President al-Yawr's visit to Europe and the upcoming elections 
in Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Jacksonville, FL, 
arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate Kent R. Hill as 
Acting Assistant Administrator for Global Health at the U.S. Agency for 
International Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William T. Ryan as 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Rural Telephone Bank.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David A. Balton 
for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Deputy 
Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and Fisheries.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph R. DeTrani 
for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Special Envoy 
for the Six Party Talks.