Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 40 (Monday, October 10, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 40 (Monday, October 10, 2005)]
[Pages 1517-1518]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 1

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President declared an emergency in Delaware and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in New York and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.

October 2

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, at 
the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle, the President attended the 
annual Red Mass.
    In the evening, in the Residence, the President had dinner with 
Counsel to the President Harriet E. Miers to discuss his decision to 
nominate her to be an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme 
Court.
    Also in the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
White House Chief of Staff Andrew H. Card, Jr., to discuss his decision 
to nominate Harriet E. Miers to be an Associate Justice of the United 
States Supreme Court.

October 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a hurricane briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with Supreme Court Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Jr., and 
Supreme Court Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor to discuss his 
decision to nominate Harriet E. Miers to be an Associate Justice of the 
United States Supreme Court.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister 
Lawrence Gonzi of Malta.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a credential 
ceremony for newly appointed ambassadors to the U.S.

October 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

October 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld 
and Lt. Gen. David H. Petraeus, USA, former commander, Multi-National 
Security and Transition Command--Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice and Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and 
Public Affairs Karen P. Hughes.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Mar del 
Plata, Argentina, on November 3-5 to participate in the Summit of the 
Americas and to meet with President Nestor Kirchner of Argentina, and 
that the President will visit Brazil on November 5-6 and Panama on 
November 6-7.

[[Page 1518]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey Thomas 
Bergner to be Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan McCaw to be 
Ambassador to Austria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nicholas F. 
Taubman to be Ambassador to Romania.

October 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
hurricane briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with William F. Buckley, 
Jr., founder of National Review magazine. Later, the President met with 
advisers to discuss avian inflenza.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Charles, 
Prince of Wales, of the United Kingdom and his wife, Camilla, the 
Duchess of Cornwall, to the White House for lunch and dinner on November 
2.

October 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he met with Iraq print and broadcast journalists.
    In the afternoon, the President met with chief executive officers of 
manufacturing companies to discuss private sector efforts to prepare for 
a potential avian influenza outbreak.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Steele 
Bohigan to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Market Access and 
Compliance.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Antonio Fratto to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Public Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan C. Schwab to 
be Deputy U.S. Trade Representative with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ron Silver and 
Judy Van Rest to be members of the U.S. Institute for Peace.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Hurricane Ophelia on September 11-17.