Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 17 (Monday, May 2, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 17 (Monday, May 2, 2005)]
[Pages 708-710]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations

[[Page 709]]

to the Service Academies, or nominations of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted April 25

 Robert B. Holland III,

 of Texas, to be U.S. Executive Director of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development for a term of 2 years, vice Carole 
Brookins, resigned.

 Charles E. Johnson,

 of Utah, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
vice Janet Hale, resigned.

 Brian D. Montgomery,

 of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development, vice John Charles Weicher.

 Roger Dwayne Pierce,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Cape Verde.

 James H. Bilbray,

 of Nevada, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission (new position), to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Philip Coyle,

 of California, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and 
Realignment Commission (new position), to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Adm. Harold W. Gehman, Jr., USN, (Ret.),

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission (new position), to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 James V. Hansen,

 of Utah, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission (new position), to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Gen. James T. Hill, USA, (Ret.),

 of Florida, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission (new position), to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Gen. Lloyd Warren Newton, USAF, (Ret.),

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission (new position), to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Anthony Joseph Principi,

 of California, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and 
Realignment Commission (new position), to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Samuel Knox Skinner,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission (new position), to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Brig. Gen. Sue Ellen Turner, USAF, (Ret.),

 of Texas, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission (new position), to which position she was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.
 Submitted April 27

 Shara L. Aranoff,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the U.S. International Trade Commission 
for a term expiring December 16, 2012, vice Marcia E. Miller, term 
expired.

 Ben S. Bernanke,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers, vice 
Harvey S. Rosen.

 Dennis P. Walsh,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring December 16, 2009 (reappointment).

 David Horton Wilkins,

 of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to Canada, vice Argeo Paul 
Cellucci.
 Submitted April 28

 Donald E. Booth,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor,

[[Page 710]]

to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States 
of America to the Republic of Liberia.

 Molly Hering Bordonaro,

 of Oregon, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Malta.

 Julie Finley,

 of the District of Columbia, to be U.S. Representative to the 
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, with the rank of 
Ambassador.

 Richard J. Griffin,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Diplomatic 
Security), vice Francis X. Taylor, resigned.

 Richard J. Griffin,

 of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to 
have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, vice Francis 
X. Taylor, resigned.

 Catherine Lucille Hanaway,

 of Missouri, to be U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri 
for the term of 4 years, vice Raymond W. Gruender, resigned.

 Joseph A. Mussomeli,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Kingdom of Cambodia.

 Richard L. Skinner,

 of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security, 
vice Clark Kent Ervin.

 Kevin F. Sullivan,

 of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Communications and Outreach, 
Department of Education, vice Laurie Rich, resigned.

Dina Habib Powell,

of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Educational and 
Cultural Affairs), vice Patricia de Stacy Harrison.