Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 14 (Monday, April 11, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 14 (Monday, April 11, 2005)]
[Pages 581-582]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Nominations Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Submitted April 4

Rachel Brand,

of Iowa, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Daniel J. Bryant, 
resigned.

Ellen G. Engleman Conners,

of Indiana, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board 
for a term of 2 years (reappointment).

Suzanne C. DeFrancis,

of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
vice Kevin Keane.

Michael Dolan,

of New York, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for National and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2009, 
vice Marc Racicot, term expired.

Robert M. Duncan,

of Kentucky, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for National and Community Service for a term expiring June 10, 2009, 
vice Juanita Sims Doty, term expired.

Alice S. Fisher,

of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Christopher A. 
Wray.

Kenneth J. Krieg,

of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, 
Technology, and Logistics, vice Edward C. Aldridge, resigned.

[[Page 582]]

Sean Ian McCormack,

of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State 
(Public Affairs), vice Richard A. Boucher.

Philip J. Perry,

of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, 
vice Joe D. Whitley, resigned.

Mark V. Rosenker,

of Maryland, to be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board 
for a term expiring December 31, 2010 (reappointment).

David A. Sampson,

of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, vice Theodore William 
Kassinger, resigned.

Regina B. Schofield,

of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Deborah J. 
Daniels.

Linda M. Springer,

of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management 
for a term of 4 years, vice Kay Coles James, resigned.
Withdrawn April 4

Claude M. Kicklighter,

of Georgia, to be a member of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission (new position), which was sent to the Senate on March 15, 
2005.
Submitted April 6

Maria Cino,

of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation, vice Kirk Van 
Tine.

Timothy D. Adams,

of Virginia, to be an Under Secretary of the Treasury, vice John B. 
Taylor.
Submitted April 7

Gordon England,

of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense, vice Paul D. Wolfowitz.