Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 37 (Monday, September 19, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 37 (Monday, September 19, 2005)]
[Pages 1404-1405]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress Transmitting a Report of the Defense Base 
Closure and Realignment Commission

September 15, 2005

To the Congress of the United States:

    I transmit herewith the report containing the recommendations of the 
Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission pursuant to sections 
2903 and 2914 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990, 
Public Law 101-510, 104 Stat. 1810, as amended. That report includes 
changes referenced in errata sheets submitted to me by the Commission, 
including the enclosed errata sheets dated September 8, September 9, 
September 12, and September 13, 2005.
    I note that I am in receipt of a letter from Chairman Principi, 
dated September 8, 2005, regarding a district court injunction then in 
effect relating to the Bradley International Airport Air Guard Station 
in Windsor Locks, Connecticut. Chairman Principi's letter states that, 
as a result of that injunction, ``you should consider the portion of 
Recommendation 85 . . . that recommends realignment of the Connecticut 
103rd Fighter Wing withdrawn from the Commission's report.'' The 
Chairman's letter further states that ``[i]f the court's injunction is 
later vacated, reversed, stayed, or otherwise withdrawn, it is the 
intent of the Commission that the entirety of the recommendation be a 
part of the Commission's report.'' On September 9, 2005, the United 
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted a stay of the 
district

[[Page 1405]]

court's injunction. Because the injunction is no longer in effect, 
Recommendation 85 in its entirety is part of the Commission's report.
    I certify that I approve all the recommendations contained in the 
Commission's report.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 September 15, 2005.