Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 17 (Monday, May 2, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 17 (Monday, May 2, 2005)]
[Pages 707-708]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 23

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

April 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President welcomed Crown Prince Abdullah 
of Saudi Arabia to the Bush Ranch. Later, he met with the Crown Prince.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with the Crown Prince.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Konstandinos Karamanlis of Greece to the White House on May 20.
    The President announced his designation of C. David Welch as a 
member of the Presidential delegation to attend the funeral services of 
former President Ezer Weizman of Israel on April 26.

April 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Galveston, TX, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Dorothy Paterson.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sandra L. Pack to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Management) and, upon 
appointment, to designate her as Chief Financial Officer.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randal Quarles to 
be an Under Secretary of the Treasury (Domestic Finance).
    The President announced his intention to nominate John J. Sullivan 
to be General Counsel of the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Philip Terry 
to be Chairman of the Board of Veterans' Appeals.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John M. Reich to 
be Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision at the Department of the 
Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to designate F. Duane Ackerman 
as Chairman

[[Page 708]]

of the President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory 
Committee.
    The President announced his intention to redesignate Patricia F. 
Russo as Vice Chairman of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to redesignate Steven J. Law 
as a member of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.

April 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Republican Members of the 
House of Representatives to discuss legislative priorities.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President made remarks 
at a National Republican Senatorial Committee reception.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Molly Hering 
Bordonaro to be Ambassador to Malta.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald E. Booth to 
be Ambassador to Liberia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph A. 
Mussomeli to be Ambassador to Cambodia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Horton 
Wilkins to be Ambassador to Canada.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Julie Finley for 
the rank of Ambassador during her tenure of service as U.S. 
Representative to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in 
Europe.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Shara L. Aranoff 
to be Commissioner of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard J. Griffin 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate Deborah A. Price 
as Acting Assistant Secretary of Education for Legislative and 
Congressional Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dennis P. Walsh to 
be a member of the National Labor Relations Board.

April 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Martin Torrijos of Panama.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kevin F. Sullivan 
to be Assistant Secretary of Education for Communications and Outreach.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard L. Skinner 
to be Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate Bruce N. 
Crandlemire as Acting Inspector General of the U.S. Agency for 
International Development.

April 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Falls Church, VA. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President met with editors 
of ``The Papers of George Washington.''
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Nigerian 
President and Chairman of the African Union Olusegun Obasanjo to the 
White House on May 5.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rodney E. Hood to 
be a member of the National Credit Union Administration Board.
    The President declared an emergency in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record snow on March 11-12.