Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 37 (Monday, September 19, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 37 (Monday, September 19, 2005)]
[Pages 1412-1415]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine. He then had an intelligence 
briefing and a briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts.
    The President declared an emergency in Alabama and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Indiana and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Iowa and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees from 
the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency assistance 
to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Kansas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Kentucky and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement Commonwealth and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Missouri and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local response efforts to 
assist evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in South Carolina and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.

September 11

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to St. John's 
Episcopal Church where they attended a prayer and remembrance service to 
commemorate the anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terrorist 
attacks. They then returned to the White

[[Page 1413]]

House where, on the South Lawn, they observed a moment of silence.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA, where 
he went to the U.S.S. Iwo Jima, docked near New Orleans.
    In the evening, the President went to a staging area in New Orleans 
where he met with first-responders involved with Hurricane Katrina 
recovery efforts. Later, he returned to the U.S.S. Iwo Jima.

September 12

    In the morning, aboard the U.S.S. Iwo Jima, the President, Mayor C. 
Ray Nagin of New Orleans, LA, and Lt. Gen. Russel L. Honore, USA, 
commanding general, First United States Army, received a briefing by 
Vice Adm. Thad W. Allen, USCG, U.S. Coast Guard Chief of Staff, on 
Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts.
    Later in the morning, the President went to New Orleans where he, 
Mayor Nagin, and Gov. Kathleen Babineaux Blanco of Louisiana toured the 
areas damaged by Hurricane Katrina. Later, he took an aerial tour of the 
damaged areas, concluding in Gulfport, MS, where, upon arrival, he met 
with Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi, Mayor Brent Warr of Gulfport, 
MS, and other local officials.
    In the afternoon, the President met with U.S. and Mexico first-
responders involved with Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts. He also met 
with individuals at a hurricane assistance center. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate R. David Paulison 
as Acting Under Secretary for Emergency Preparedness and Response.
    The President declared an emergency in Arizona and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Virginia and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement Commonwealth and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.

September 13

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to congratulate him on his 
election victory. Later, he had an intelligence briefing and a briefing 
on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Jalal Talabani of the Iraqi Transitional Government. Later, in 
the Old Family Dining Room, they had lunch.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to New York 
City, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jim 
Shevlin.
    Later in the afternoon, at the United Nations Headquarters, the 
President met with Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations. 
Later, he paid a courtesy call on President of the 60th Session of the 
United Nations General Assembly Jan Eliasson.
    In the evening, at the Waldorf-Astoria, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a reception for leaders of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael R. Arietti 
to be Ambassador to Rwanda.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Karan K. Bhatia to 
be Deputy U.S. Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship 
Board: Jean Loretta Becker; Linnet F. Deily; Thomas E. Corts; and Yousif 
Boutrous Ghafari.

September 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
went to the United Nations Headquarters, where, upon arrival, he signed 
the Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism.

[[Page 1414]]

    Later in the morning, the President met with Prime Minister Tony 
Blair of the United Kingdom.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he went to the Sixth & I Historic Synagogue.
    In the evening, the President returned to the White House.
    The President declared an emergency in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Connecticut and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Idaho and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees from 
the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency assistance 
to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Maryland and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local response efforts to 
assist evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Minnesota and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Montana and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Nebraska and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Nevada and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Ohio and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees from 
the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency assistance 
to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Wisconsin and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in North Carolina and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts for the 
counties located in the direct path of Hurricane Ophelia beginning on 
September 11 and continuing.

September 15

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hamid Karzai to discuss the elections in Afghanistan to be 
held September 18. He then had a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister-

[[Page 1415]]

elect Jens Stoltenberg of Norway to congratulate him on his election 
victory.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He 
and Vice President Dick Cheney then had a briefing on Hurricane Katrina 
recovery efforts. Later, in the Family Theater, he participated in a 
speech preparation session for his address to the Nation later in the 
day.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Pascagoula, MS. Later, 
at the Chevron Pascagoula Refinery, he and Gov. Haley Barbour of 
Mississippi had a briefing by refinery manager Roland Kell.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA, 
where he went to the U.S.S. Iwo Jima, docked near New Orleans. Upon 
arrival, he met with Mayor C. Ray Nagin of New Orleans, LA, Gov. 
Kathleen Babineaux Blanco of Louisiana, Secretary of Homeland Security 
Michael Chertoff, and Lt. Gen. Russel L. Honore, USA, commanding 
general, First United States Army.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edwin G. Foulke, 
Jr., to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor (Occupational Safety and 
Health).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Stickler 
to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health.
    The President announced his intention to designate Santanu K. Baruah 
as Acting Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development.

September 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Thaksin Chinnawat of Thailand to the White House on September 
19.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to the White House on September 22.