Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 41 (Monday, October 17, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 41 (Monday, October 17, 2005)]
[Pages 1543-1544]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

October 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to New 
Orleans, LA, where, upon arrival, he met with Plaquemines Parish 
officials to discuss Hurricanes Katrina and Rita recovery efforts.
    In the evening, at Ralph Brennan's BACCO restaurant, the President 
and Mrs. Bush had a dinner meeting with Mayor C. Ray Nagin of New 
Orleans, LA; Vice Adm. Thad W. Allen, USCG, U.S. Coast Guard Chief of 
Staff; and other officials to discuss Hurricanes Katrina and Rita 
recovery efforts.

October 11

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Covington, 
LA. Later, they participated in a Habitat for Humanity building project.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Pass 
Christian, MS, where, upon arrival, they met with local school 
officials. Later, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA, where he 
met with Jefferson Parish officials to discuss Hurricanes Katrina and 
Rita recovery efforts.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 12

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India to discuss recovery efforts 
following the earthquake in Pakistan on October 8. Later, he had a 
telephone conversation with Chancellor-elect Angela Merkel of Germany to 
congratulate her on her election victory. He then had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President and Mrs. Bush had 
lunch with President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland and his wife, 
Jolanta Kwasniewska.
    Later in the afternoon, at DAR Constitution Hall, the President made 
remarks to Federal agency leadership and Senior Executive Service 
employees. Later, he returned to the White House.

October 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of 
Germany.
    Later in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Elias Antonio Saca Gonzales of El Salvador 
and President Oscar Berger of Guatemala to discuss Tropical Storm Stan 
recovery efforts.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher of the United Kingdom, who was 
celebrating her 80th birthday.

October 14

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada. He then had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo 
opportunity with Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award 
recipients.
    Later in the morning, the President had a briefing on recovery 
efforts in response to the earthquake in Pakistan on October 8 and 
Tropical Storm Stan that struck Guatemala on October 2.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald L. 
Schlicher to be Ambassador to Cyprus.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alejandro Daniel 
Wolff to be U.S. Deputy Representative to the United Nations with the 
rank of Ambassador, U.S. Deputy Representative in the Security Council 
of the United Nations, and U.S. Representative to the Sessions of the 
General Assembly of the United Nations during his tenure of service as 
U.S. Deputy Representative to the United Nations.

[[Page 1544]]