Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 51 (Monday, December 26, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 51 (Monday, December 26, 2005)]
[Pages 1913-1914]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James I. Finley to 
be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sharee M. Freeman 
to be Director of the Community Relations Service at the Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen Goldsmith 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rodney R. McInnis 
as a member of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission (Department 
of Commerce, National Maritime Fisheries, National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration member).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles S. Robb as 
a member of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Sharee M. Freeman 
as Acting Director of the Community Relations Service at the Department 
of Justice.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Inauguration of 
the President of Tanzania on December 21: Jendayi E. Frazer (head of 
delegation); Cindy Courville; and Michael L. Retzer.

December 20

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Jalal Talabani and Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jafari of 
Iraq to congratulate them on Iraq's successful elections. Later, the 
President had an intelligence briefing. He then had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to wish him well 
after he experienced a mild stoke on December 19.

[[Page 1914]]

    Later in the morning, in the Roosevelt Room, the President 
participated in a signing ceremony for the Stem Cell and Therapeutic 
Research Act of 2005.
    In the evening, the President hosted a holiday reception.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to the 
areas of Louisiana impacted by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm from November 27-29.

December 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, where they visited 
U.S. military personnel injured in Iraq and their family members and 
presented Purple Hearts to some servicemembers.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. Later, in the Indian Treaty Room, he participated in a 
meeting on developing a skilled trades workforce to rebuild the gulf 
coast.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alexander A. 
Karsner to be Assistant Secretary of Energy (Energy Efficiency and 
Renewable Energy).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald R. DePriest 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley 
Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Vince J. Juaristi 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Service and Civic 
Participation: V. Jay Allen; Stephen A. Baldwin; Jean M. Case; Gerald 
Colangelo; Evern D. Cooper; Myrka DeLlanos; Hilary E. Duff; Patricia H. 
Heaton; Kasey K. Kahne; Arthur G. Linkletter; Mary J. Myers; Corinne B. 
Roberts; Michael W. Smith; Wendy M. Spencer; Roxanne Spillett; Hope 
Taft; and Charles P. Turlinski.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to the 
areas of Mississippi impacted by Hurricane Katrina.

December 22

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.

December 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.