Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 36 (Monday, September 12, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 36 (Monday, September 12, 2005)]
[Pages 1371-1373]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Hu Jintao of China during 
which both Presidents agreed to postpone President Hu's scheduled visit 
to the White House and to meet in New York City during the United 
Nations General Assembly meeting later in the month.

September 4

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Gov. Kathleen Babineaux Blanco of Louisiana, Gov. Haley Barbour of 
Mississippi, Gov. Bob Riley of Alabama, and Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida to 
discuss Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Mayor C. Ray Nagin of New Orleans, LA, to discuss Hurricane Katrina 
recovery efforts.

September 5

    In the morning, in the Situation Room, the President had a briefing 
on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Mobile, AL. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with United 
Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, in which the Secretary-General 
expressed his condolences on the damage and loss of life caused by 
Hurricane Katrina and offered support for recovery efforts. Later, also 
aboard Air Force One, he met with Secretary of Homeland Security Michael 
Chertoff to discuss Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts. Upon arrival in 
Mobile, the President participated in a briefing on Hurricane Katrina 
damage in the local area.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Baker, LA, where he 
was joined by Mrs. Bush. Later, at Bethany World Prayer Center, they met 
with people displaced by Hurricane Katrina.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Baton 
Rouge, LA, where he received a briefing from Lt. Gen. Russel L. Honore, 
USA, commanding general, First United States Army, about Hurricane 
Katrina recovery efforts. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to Poplarville, 
MS, where he toured areas damaged by Hurricane Katrina and met with 
workers from Alabama Power who were attempting to restore electricity to 
Poplarville.
    Later in the afternoon, the President took an aerial tour of areas 
damaged by Hurricane Katrina, including New Orleans, LA. Later, he and 
Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared an emergency in Colorado and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Florida and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance

[[Page 1372]]

to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Georgia and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in North Carolina and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Oklahoma and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Tennessee and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Utah and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees from 
the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency assistance 
to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.

September 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts. Later, he had a briefing 
on energy issues related to Hurricane Katrina damage and recovery 
efforts.
    Later in the morning, the President met with representatives of 
faith-based and community organizations participating in Hurricane 
Katrina recovery efforts.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings to discuss efforts to assist 
students displaced by Hurricane Katrina. Later, he met with 
congressional leaders to discuss Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts.
    During the day, the President and Mrs. Bush paid their respects to 
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist as his body lay in repose in the 
Great Hall of the U.S. Supreme Court.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Delores M. Etter 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development, and 
Acquisition).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lyons Gray to be 
Chief Financial Officer at the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George J. Opfer to 
be Inspector General at the Department of Veterans Affairs.

September 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he had a meeting on Hurricane Katrina recovery 
efforts followed by a further meeting with Cabinet officials on the 
recovery efforts.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jalal Talabani of the Iraqi Transitional Government to the White House 
on September 13.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Vlado Buckovski of Macedonia for a meeting at the White House 
on October 27.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles R. 
Christopherson, Jr., to be Chief Financial Officer at the Department of 
Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward F. Sproat 
III to be Director of the Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste 
Management at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rebecca Contreras 
as a member of the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy.

[[Page 1373]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Edmund D. 
Pellegrino as a member of the President's Council on Bioethics and, upon 
appointment, to designate him as Chairperson.
    The President declared an emergency in the District of Columbia and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement District and local response efforts to 
assist evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to the District beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Illinois and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Michigan and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in New Mexico and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Oregon and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees 
from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency 
assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Washington and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.

September 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts. Later, he met with 
Republican congressional leaders to discuss relief funding related to 
Hurricane Katrina damage and recovery efforts.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Ambassador to Iraq 
Zalmay Khalilzad. He then met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. 
Rumsfeld.
    During the day, the President met with Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan 
bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia to thank him for his service.
    The White House announced that the President will participate in the 
60th United Nations General Assembly in New York City on September 13-
14.

September 9

    In the morning, the President and Vice President Dick Cheney had an 
intelligence briefing followed by a briefing on Hurricane Katrina 
recovery efforts. Later, he met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President had a briefing on housing needs 
related to Hurricane Katrina damage and recovery efforts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Shana L. Dale to 
be Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald A. 
Gambatesa to be Inspector General of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carmen M. Martinez 
to be Ambassador to Zambia.