Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 20 (Monday, May 23, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 20 (Monday, May 23, 2005)]
[Pages 847-849]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 14

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

May 15

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.

May 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to West Point, VA, 
where he participated in a tour of the Virginia BioDiesel refinery.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

May 17

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of the Iraqi Interim Government to 
thank him for his service and to

[[Page 848]]

discuss the situation in Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
former President Nelson Mandela of South Africa. He then met with 
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
judicial nominees Priscilla R. Owen and Janice Rogers Brown. Later, in 
the Rose Garden, he participated in a photo opportunity with a group 
from the Sunshine Kids Foundation. He then had a briefing on the 
national economy.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority to the White 
House on May 26.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles S. 
Ciccolella to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans' Employment 
and Training.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Reuben Jeffery III 
to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and to 
be Chairman of the Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James A. Rispoli 
to be Assistant Secretary of Energy, Environmental Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Jewell to be 
Ambassador to Ecuador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John F. Tefft to 
be Ambassador to Georgia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Daniel H. Stone as 
a member of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or 
Severely Disabled.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Commission on White House 
Fellowships: Richard A. Bennett; Terry E. Branstad; Archie W. Dunham; P. 
Robert Fannin; Cathy Gillespie; Anne Heiligenstein; Carol Jean Jordan; 
David M. Roederer; Judy Baar Topinka; and William L. Webb III.

May 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met in the Oval Office with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Ahmed Mohamed Nazif of Egypt.
    In the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
Republican Members of the House of Representatives to discuss 
legislative priorities.
    Later in the afternoon, the President dropped by a meeting with 
members of a coalition from the Dominican Republic supporting passage of 
the Central American Free Trade Agreement.

May 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Milwaukee, WI. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
participated in an interview with Craig Gilbert of the Milwaukee Journal 
Sentinel.
    Later in the morning, upon arrival in Milwaukee, the President met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sharon Semrow. Later, he met with 
employees of OnMilwaukee.com at their company office.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to the 
United Kingdom to attend the G-8 Summit in Gleneagles, Scotland, on July 
6-8.

May 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with leaders of the Cuban American community.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Chancellor 
Gerhard Schroeder of Germany to the White House for a meeting and 
working lunch on June 27.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tom Luce to be 
Assistant Secretary of Education (Planning, Evaluation, and Policy 
Development).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arlene Holen to be 
a member of

[[Page 849]]

the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Irma B. Elder as a 
member of the President's Commission on White House Fellowships.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles Patrick 
Garcia and Nancy R. Kudla as members of the Board of Visitors to the 
U.S. Air Force Academy.