Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 24 (Monday, June 20, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 24 (Monday, June 20, 2005)]
[Pages 1021-1022]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he greeted President Festus Gontebanye Mogae of 
Botswana, President John Agyekum Kufuor of Ghana, President Armando 
Guebuza of Mozambique, President Hifikepunye Pohamba of Namibia, and 
President Mamadou Tandja of Niger. They then met in the Cabinet Room.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jalal Talabani of the Iraqi Transitional Government to discuss 
progress on drafting the Iraq constitution, the security situation in 
Iraq, and other issues.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Kang Chol-Hwan of

[[Page 1022]]

North Korea, author of ``The Aquariums of Pyongyang: Ten Years in the 
North Korean Gulag''. He then participated in a photo opportunity with 
recipients of the 2004 Presidential Early Career Awards for Scientists 
and Engineers.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the U.S. National 
Day at the World Exposition 2005 in Aichi, Japan, on June 20: Margaret 
Spellings (head of delegation); Thomas Schieffer; Lisa Guillermin Gable; 
Tommy Lasorda; and Gary Nakamoto.

June 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Bryn Mawr, PA, where he attended a reception at a private 
residence.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to University Park, PA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Mickey 
Peters. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

June 15

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss United Nations reform. He 
then had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President met with Members 
of the Senate to discuss the Central American Free Trade Agreement.

June 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. He 
then met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Residence, he met with Republican Members of the 
House of Representatives to discuss the Central American Free Trade 
Agreement.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ibrahim al-Jafari of the Iraqi Transitional Government to the 
White House on June 24.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John G. Grimes to 
be an Assistant Secretary of Defense (Networks and Information 
Integration).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Wan J. Kim to be 
an Assistant Attorney General, Civil Rights, at the Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to designate William Baxter as 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority.
    The President announced his intention to designate David A. Sampson 
as a Director (Government Representative) of the Board of Directors of 
the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James L. Brulte as 
a member of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Naval Academy.

June 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Maple Grove, MN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteers John and Agnes Jurek.
    Later in the morning, at the Maple Grove Community Center, the 
President met with volunteers participating in a training session on 
Medicare enrollment.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.