Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 50 (Monday, December 19, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 50 (Monday, December 19, 2005)]
[Pages 1869-1870]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 12

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Manuel Zelaya of Honduras to congratulate him on his 
election victory. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. Then, in the 
Oval Office, he participated in an interview with Brian Williams for 
NBC's Nightly News.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an additional 
interview with Brian Williams for NBC's The Today Show.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a third interview 
with Brian Williams. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, at the State Department, the President attended a 
holiday reception for the diplomatic corps.

December 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Republican Senators to discuss the war on terror. He then 
traveled to Springfield, VA.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a luncheon for Rep. John Dingell to celebrate his 50th 
anniversary of becoming a Member of Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michell C. Clark 
to be Assistant Secretary of Education for Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gary A. Grappo to 
be Ambassador to Oman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raymond L. Orbach 
to be Under Secretary of Energy for Science.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anne-Imelda Radice 
to be Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jim Davis and Frank 
D. Ferris as members of the Federal Salary Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joan Stevens Eller 
and John Leachman Oliver III as members of the Board of Trustees of the 
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.

December 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Jay P. Lefkowitz, Special Envoy on Human Rights in North 
Korea. Then, in the Roosevelt Room, he participated in a briefing with 
Democratic Members of Congress on the war on terror in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the private study, he participated in an interview 
with Brit Hume of FOX News.
    In the evening, the President hosted a holiday reception.

December 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office,

[[Page 1870]]

he participated in a meeting on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a holiday 
reception for the White House press corps.

December 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Senators to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Khalifa bin Zayid al-Nuhayyan of the United 
Arab Emirates, King Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia, 
Prime Minister Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jabir al-Sabah of Kuwait, and King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Federal Election Commission: Robert D. 
Lenhard, David M. Mason, Hans von Spakovsky, and Steven T. Walther.
    The President announced his designation of Andrew S. Natsios as a 
member of a Presidential delegation to Indonesia for the Indian Ocean 
Tsunami Commemoration on December 17-18.
    The President declared a major disaster in Connecticut and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from October 14-15.