Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 13 (Monday, April 4, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 13 (Monday, April 4, 2005)]
[Pages 548-550]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 26

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

March 27

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Fort Hood, 
TX, where they attended an Easter Sunday service at the 4th Infantry 
Division Memorial Chapel. Later, they returned to the Bush Ranch, where 
they celebrated Easter with family members.

March 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, the President participated in a celebration 
of Greek Independence Day.
    During the day, the President had a briefing on the earthquake that 
struck off the coast of Indonesia earlier in the day.

March 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Nestor Kirchner of 
Argentina to discuss the Summit of the Americas to be held in November 
and other issues.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with a 
group of Iraqi citizens who live in the U.S. and who voted in the Iraqi 
elections in January.
    In the afternoon, the President had a briefing on the report by the 
Commission on the Intelligence Capabilities of the United States 
Regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction to be released officially on March 
31.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rachel Brand to be 
Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Policy, Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Suzanne C. 
DeFrancis to be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for 
Public Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alice S. Fisher to 
be Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Philip J. Perry to 
be General Counsel at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Regina B. 
Schofield to be Assistant Attorney General, Office of Justice Programs, 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Dolan and 
Robert M. Duncan to be members of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service.

March 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with Mrs. Bush, who was returning from a 
visit to Afghanistan.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Cedar Rapids, IA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Al Smith, 
Jr.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared an emergency in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record and/or near-record snow on January 22-23.
    The President declared an emergency in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record snow on February 10-11.

March 31

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister

[[Page 549]]

Ayad Allawi of the Iraqi Interim Government to discuss the situation in 
Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
members of the Commission on the Intelligence Capabilities of the United 
States Regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction, who presented him with 
their official report. Later, in the Situation Room, he met with members 
of his Cabinet whose Departments may be affected by the Commission's 
report.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. He then met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the evening, in the Residence, the President received a briefing 
from White House Chief of Staff Andrew H. Card, Jr., on the health of 
Pope John Paul II.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gordon R. England 
to be Deputy Secretary of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric S. Edelman to 
be Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.

April 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with USA WEEKEND magazine's Make a Difference Day outstanding 
teen volunteer winners.
    Later in the morning, the President, Mrs. Bush, and Secretary of 
Health and Human Services Michael O. Leavitt went to the Paul Public 
Charter School, where they met with participants of a mentoring program 
for children of prisoners.
    During the day, the President received updates on the health of Pope 
John Paul II.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ben S. Bernanke to 
be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers and, upon confirmation, 
to designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth J. Krieg 
to be Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and 
Logistics.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David A. Sampson 
to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to designate Rhonda Keenum as 
Acting Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as Governors of the Board of Governors of the American 
National Red Cross: Michael Chertoff; Carlos M. Gutierrez; Michael O. 
Leavitt; Jim Nicholson; Condoleezza Rice; and Margaret Spellings.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gerald A. Jemison, 
Mark A. Sadd, and John G. Williams III as members of the Advisory 
Council on Historic Preservation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Valles Caldera 
Trust: John T. Caid; James R. Gosz; Tracy Hephner; and Raymond Loretto.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James Balsiger as a 
Commissioner of the U.S. Commissioners on the International Pacific 
Halibut Commission and as the U.S. Commissioner on the U.S. Section of 
the North Pacific Anadromous Fish Commission.
    The President announced his recess appointments of the following 
individuals as members of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
Commission: Anthony J. Principi (Chairman); James H. Bilbray; Philip 
Coyle; Adm. Harold W. Gehman, Jr., USN (Ret.); Brig. Gen. Sue Ellen 
Turner, USAF (Ret.); James V. Hansen; Gen. James T. Hill, USA (Ret.); 
Samuel Knox Skinner; and Gen. Lloyd Warren Newton, USAF (Ret.).
    The President announced his recess appointment of Michael W. Wynne 
as Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and 
Logistics.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record and/or near-record snow on March 9.

[[Page 550]]