Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 12 (Monday, March 28, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 12 (Monday, March 28, 2005)]
[Pages 519-520]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 19

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President met with Assistant to the President 
and Deputy Chief of Staff Joe Hagin to discuss legislation concerning 
Theresa Marie Schiavo.

March 20

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
in the afternoon.

March 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Tucson, AZ. While en route aboard Air Force One, he met 
with Representatives Bob Beauprez and Joel Hefley of Colorado and 
Representatives Trent Franks and John B. Shadegg of Arizona. Upon 
arrival in Tucson, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Russell 
Gursky.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Denver, CO, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Harold Brewer.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Albuquerque, NM.

March 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, arriving in the 
afternoon.

March 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Waco, TX.
    Later in the morning, at the Armstrong Browning Library at Baylor 
University, the President met with President Vicente Fox of Mexico and 
Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada.
    In the afternoon, the President and President Fox and Prime Minister 
Martin traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX. Later, they had a 
working lunch and toured the ranch.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Timothy D. Adams 
to be Under Secretary of the Treasury (International Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to designate Arnold I. Havens 
as Acting Deputy Secretary of the Treasury.

March 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 520]]

    The White House announced that the President will travel to Latvia, 
the Netherlands, Russia, and Georgia on May 6-10 to commemorate the 60th 
anniversary of the end of World War II.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sean Ian McCormack 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ellen G. Engleman 
Conners to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark V. Rosenker 
to be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board and, upon 
confirmation, to designate him as Vice Chairman.

March 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.