Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 7 (Monday, February 21, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 7 (Monday, February 21, 2005)]
[Pages 267-268]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he had a telephone 
conversation with Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to commemorate 
the 60th anniversary of the meeting between former President Franklin D. 
Roosevelt and King Abdulaziz of Saudi Arabia and to discuss elections in 
Saudi Arabia and counterterrorism efforts.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
outgoing Administrator Sean O'Keefe of the National Aeronautics and 
Space Administration to thank him for his service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lester M. Crawford 
to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs at the Department of Health and 
Human Services.

February 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will host 
King Harald V and Queen Sonja of Norway for lunch at the White House on 
March 7.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe winter storms, flooding, and mudslides on December 22, 2004, 
through February 1, 2005.

February 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he had breakfast with congressional leaders.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Portsmouth, NH, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Reggie 
Wright.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

February 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 268]]

    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President and Mrs. Bush met 
with Paul Rusesabagina, whose actions to shelter refugees during the 
1994 Rwanda genocide were depicted in the film ``Hotel Rwanda,'' and his 
wife, Tatiana Rusesabagina.

February 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonathan Brian 
Perlin to be Under Secretary for Health at the Department of Veterans 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Becky Norton Dunlop 
(Chairman) and Richard Barber Ainsworth, Jr., as members of the Federal 
Service Impasses Panel.
    The President announced his intention to designate Raymond F. DuBois 
as Acting Under Secretary of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to designate Peter F. Allgeier 
as Acting U.S. Trade Representative.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arizona and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on December 28, 2004, through 
January 12, 2005.
    The President declared an emergency in Nevada and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record and/or near record snow on December 29, 2004, through January 2, 
2005.
    The President declared an emergency in Connecticut and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record snow on January 22-23.
    The President declared an emergency in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by record and/or near record snow on January 22-23.
    The President declared an emergency in Rhode Island and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record snow on January 22-23.
    The President declared a major disaster in American Samoa and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement Territory and local recovery efforts 
in the area struck by Tropical Cyclone Olaf, including high winds, high 
surf, and heavy rainfall, beginning on February 15 and continuing.