Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 29 (Monday, July 25, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 29 (Monday, July 25, 2005)]
[Pages 1219-1220]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 17

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to St. John's 
Episcopal Church, where they attended services with Prime Minister John 
Howard of Australia and his wife, Janette.

July 18

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Secretary 
of State Condoleezza Rice. He then had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India.
    Later in the morning, in the Blue Room, the President and Prime 
Minister Singh participated in a photo opportunity with members of the 
U.S.-India CEO Forum. Later, in the Diplomatic Reception Room, he and 
Prime Minister Singh participated in a photo opportunity with 
administration officials of Indian descent.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with 2005 Scripps Howard Spelling Bee champion 
Anurag Kashyap.
    The President announced that he has named Liza Wright as Assistant 
to the President for Presidential Personnel.

July 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister John Howard of Australia.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President and Mrs. Bush had 
lunch with Prime Minister Howard and his wife, Janette. Later, the 
President had a telephone conversation with Judge John G. Roberts, Jr., 
to offer him the nomination to be an Associate Justice of the U.S. 
Supreme Court.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with Judge 
Roberts and his wife, Jane. Later, he had separate telephone 
conversations with Senators Bill Frist, Arlen Specter, Harry Reid, and 
Patrick J. Leahy to discuss his nomination of Judge Roberts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Robert 
Timken, Jr., to be Ambassador to Germany.
    The President announced his intention to designate Paul M. Golan as 
Acting Director of the Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management.

July 20

    In the morning, in the Residence, the President had coffee with 
Associate Justice-Designate John G. Roberts, Jr. Later, they had a 
meeting in the Oval Office. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Baltimore, MD, 
where, at the Dundalk Marine Terminal, he viewed a U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection demonstration. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President had a meeting 
with Republican Members of the House of Representatives to discuss the 
Central American-Dominican Republic Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA). Later, 
he had a meeting followed by a photo opportunity with Colombian 
Government representatives and Colombian Americans, in honor of 
Colombian Independence Day.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Ronald E. Neumann.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India.

July 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a briefing concerning the attempted terrorist bombings in London, 
England, earlier in the day.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President participated 
in a bill signing ceremony with the parents of Sgt. Bryon W. Norwood, 
USA, who was killed in Iraq on

[[Page 1220]]

November 3, 2004, for H.R. 1001, designating a U.S. Postal Service 
facility in Pflugerville, TX, as the ``Sergeant Byron W. Norwood Post 
Office Building.'' He then participated in a photo opportunity and 
meeting with volunteers from Project HOPE who had participated in 
tsunami relief efforts in Indonesia.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Oval Office, he had a meeting with Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to McLean, VA, where, 
at a private residence, he attended a dinner for gubernatorial candidate 
Jerry Kilgore of Virginia.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William J. Burns 
to be Ambassador to Russia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donetta Davidson 
to be a member of the Election Assistance Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arthur F. 
Rosenfeld to be Director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation 
Service.

July 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing concerning the situation in London, England. Later, he traveled 
to Atlanta, GA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteers Bill and Nina Hartman.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roel C. Campos to 
be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Martin J. 
Gruenberg to be a member and vice chairperson of the Board of Directors 
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Annette L. 
Nazareth to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Christian Israel as 
Coordinator for International Intellectual Property Enforcement at the 
Department of Commerce.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and ground saturation on June 1 
through July 7.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe storm on June 7-8.