Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 5 (Monday, February 7, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 5 (Monday, February 7, 2005)]
[Pages 169-171]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 30

    In the afternoon, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with King Abdullah II of Jordan, Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, 
and President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss the elections in Iraq.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Family Theater, the President 
participated in a speech preparation session for his February 2 State of 
the Union Address.

January 31

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom, President Jacques 
Chirac of France, and Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of Germany to discuss 
the elections in Iraq, the situation in the Middle East, and the 
President's upcoming visit to Europe.
    Later in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with Prime Minister Ayad Allawi and President Ghazi al-
Ujayl al-Yawr of the Iraqi Interim Government to discuss the elections 
in Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing and met with the National 
Security Council.
    In the afternoon, in the Family Theater, the President participated 
in two speech preparation sessions.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations to discuss the 
elections in Iraq.
    The President announced that he has named Jack D. Crouch II as 
Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser.

February 1

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Vladimir Putin of Russia, Secretary General Jakob 
Gijsbert ``Jaap'' de Hoop Scheffer of NATO, and European Union 
Commission President Jose Manuel Durao Barroso to discuss the elections 
in Iraq. Later, he had a telephone conversation with President Vicente 
Fox of Mexico to discuss the elections in Iraq and other issues.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, in the Family

[[Page 170]]

Theater, he participated in a speech preparation session.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Representative Jo Ann 
Emerson, chair, National Prayer Breakfast. He then participated in an 
interview with columnist Cal Thomas. Later, in the Family Theater, he 
participated in a speech preparation session.

February 2

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss the elections in 
Iraq, the President's upcoming visit to Europe, and other issues. He 
then had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Paul Martin of 
Canada to discuss the elections in Iraq. Later, he had a telephone 
conversation with President Elias Antonio Saca of El Salvador to discuss 
the elections in Iraq and to thank President Saca for the service of 
Salvadoran troops in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He 
then had separate meetings with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. Later, in the Family Theater, 
he participated in a speech preparation session.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with network television 
correspondents.
    The President declared a major disaster in Hawaii and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flash flooding on October 30, 2004.
    The President declared an emergency in Illinois and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on December 21-23, 2004.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and landslides beginning on January 4 
and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Utah and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding on January 8-12.

February 3

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to discuss the elections in 
Iraq, the situation in North Korea, and other issues. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Fargo, ND, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Fran Rickers.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Great Falls, MT, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteers Char and Roy 
Brady.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Omaha, NE.
    Also in the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister John Howard of Australia to discuss the elections in 
Iraq, relief efforts following the December 26, 2004, earthquake and 
tsunamis in the Indian Ocean, and other issues.

February 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with President Traian Basescu of 
Romania and Prime Minister Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha of Bulgaria to 
discuss the elections in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Little Rock, AR, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Katya 
Lyzhina.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Tampa, FL, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Margaret Goodson.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brig. Gen. William 
T. Grisoli, USA, to be a Commissioner of the Mississippi River 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Christopher 
Bancroft Burnham as Acting Under Secretary of State for Management.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the state funeral of 
Prime Minister Zurab Zhvania of

[[Page 171]]

Georgia on February 6: Senator Richard G. Lugar (head of delegation); 
Richard J. Miles; Paul V. Applegarth; and Lorne W. Craner.
    The President announced his designation of former Presidents George 
Bush and William J. Clinton as members of the Presidential delegation to 
visit tsunami-affected countries of South and Southeast Asia including 
Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Maldives on February 19-21.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, debris flows, and mudslides on 
December 27, 2004, through January 11, 2005.