Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 22 (Monday, June 6, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 22 (Monday, June 6, 2005)]
[Pages 942-943]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 28

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

May 29

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

May 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Arlington, VA, where they participated in a 
wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns in Arlington National 
Cemetery. Later, they returned to Washington, DC.

May 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with crew members of International Space 
Station expeditions and their families.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza of the Organization of American 
States.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Maria 
Corina Machado, executive director, Sumate, an independent democratic 
civil society group in Venezuela.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with NATO 
Secretary General Jakob Gijsbert ``Jaap'' de Hoop Scheffer at the White 
House on June 1.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom for a meeting and working 
dinner at the White House on June 7.

June 1

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to thank him for hosting Mrs. Bush 
during her travels in the Middle East and to discuss Egyptian Prime 
Minister Ahmed Mohamed Nazif's recent visit to the U.S., elections in 
Egypt, and other issues. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. Later, also in the Oval Office, 
he participated in a photo opportunity with Boys & Girls Clubs of 
America 2004 Youth of the Year finalists.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa.
    Later in the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, the President participated in a roundtable 
interview with board members of the Radio-Television News Directors 
Association.
    Also in the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Henry Louis 
Johnson to be Assistant Secretary of Education for Elementary and 
Secondary Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marcus A. Peacock 
to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alan Walter 
Eastham, Jr., to be Ambassador to Malawi.

[[Page 943]]

    The President announced his intention to designate Richard A. 
Wannemacher as Acting Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Memorial 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Osborne Day as a 
member of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or 
Severely Disabled.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship 
Board: John Willard Johnson; Jan Donnelly O'Neill; Steven Joel 
Uhlfelder; and Donald Edward Vermeil.

June 2

    In the morning, the President met with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, in the Diplomatic Reception Room, the President 
met with Vasila Hossaini from Afghanistan, who recently underwent 
surgery in the U.S. through Project Kids Worldwide to correct a 
congenital heart defect.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Hopkinsville, KY, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer John Cotthoff.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

June 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with President Mikheil Saakashvili of 
Georgia to discuss Georgia-Russia relations, the spread of democracy, 
and other issues.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Manmohan Singh of India to the White House on July 18.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kevin I. Fromer to 
be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Legislative Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate John R. Beyrle to 
be Ambassador to Bulgaria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles A. Ford to 
be Ambassador to Honduras.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Katherine Hubay 
Peterson to be Ambassador to Botswana.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marie L. 
Yovanovitch to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic.
    The President announced his intention to appoint T. Robert Burke, 
Nancy Rowe Conner, and Curtis Frederick Feeny as members of the Board of 
Directors of the Presidio Trust.