Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 46 (Monday, November 21, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 46 (Monday, November 21, 2005)]
[Pages 1740-1741]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Avoca, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Anthony Blackwell, Sr. He then traveled to Tobyhanna, 
PA.
    In the afternoon, at Tobyhanna Army Depot, the President met with 
family members of U.S. military personnel killed in Iraq and 
Afghanistan. Later, he returned to Washington, DC. While en route aboard 
Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister John 
Howard of Australia.

November 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

November 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Anchorage, AK, where, upon arrival in the 
afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Peter Henry.
    In the afternoon, at Elmendorf Air Force Base, the President met 
with family members of U.S. military personnel killed in Iraq and 
Afghanistan. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Kyoto, Japan, arriving 
Tuesday evening.

November 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Kinkakuji Temple of the Golden Pavilion, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a cultural event.
    Later in the morning, at the Kyoto State Guest House, the President 
met with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with Prime 
Minister Koizumi. Later, they traveled to Busan, South Korea, arriving 
in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marc L. Kesselman 
to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter N. Kirsanow 
to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claudia A. 
McMurray to be Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International 
Environmental and Scientific Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel Meron to be 
General Counsel of the Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Noel Michael 
McKinnell as a member of the Commission of Fine Arts.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on October 1-2.

November 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Gyeongju, South Korea, where, at the Hotel 
Hyundai, he met with President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with 
President Roh and his

[[Page 1741]]

wife, Kwon Yang-sook. Later, they toured of the Bulguksa Temple. They 
then returned to Busan, South Korea.

    Later in the afternoon, at the Westin Chosun Hotel, the President 
met with Prime Minister Abdullah bin Ahmad Badawi of Malaysia.

    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to discuss recovery efforts 
following the earthquake in Pakistan on October 8.

    The President announced that he has nominated Richard T. Crowder to 
be Chief Agriculture Negotiator at the U.S. Trade Representative, with 
the rank of Ambassador.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael W. 
Michalak to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as 
U.S. Senior Official to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Lorenzo Larranaga 
(U.S. Border State Representative) and Jacob Monty (U.S. Public 
Representative) as members of the Board of Directors of the Border 
Environment Cooperation Commission.

November 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Westin Chosun Hotel, the President met with leaders of the 
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). He then met with 
President Vicente Fox of Mexico, Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada, 
and President Alejandro Toledo of Peru.

    In the afternoon at the BEXCO Facility, the President participated 
in the Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit.

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a gala dinner 
and cultural performance.

    The President announced his intention to nominate David Longly 
Bernhardt to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior.