Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 15 (Monday, April 18, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 15 (Monday, April 18, 2005)]
[Pages 615-617]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 9

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

April 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Prime Minister 
Sharon.

April 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Hood, TX, where he had lunch with U.S. military 
personnel.
    In the afternoon, at Fort Hood, the President met with family 
members of U.S. military personnel killed in Iraq. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alex M. Azar II to 
be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David R. Hill to 
be General Counsel at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brian D. 
Montgomery to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development 
(Federal Housing Commissioner).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Phyllis F. 
Scheinberg to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Budgets 
and Programs and, upon appointment, to designate her as Chief Financial 
Officer.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Craig Roberts 
Stapleton to be Ambassador to France.

[[Page 616]]

    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the funeral mass of 
Prince Rainier III of Monaco on April 15: John Lehman (head of 
delegation); Howard H. Leach; and Leslie McBee.

April 13

    In the morning, in his private dining room, the President had 
breakfast with congressional leaders. He then had an intelligence 
briefing and met with the National Security Council. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
2005 Presidents Cup cocaptains Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player and 
Professional Golf Association Tour Director Tim Finchem. Later, in the 
Cabinet Room, he met with Republican congressional leaders.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Crown 
Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, on 
April 25.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Martin Torrijos of Panama to the White House on April 28.

April 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Minister of External Affairs 
K. Natwar Singh of India.
    Later in the morning, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
Republican Members of the House of Representatives to discuss Social 
Security reform. Later, in the Oval Office, he participated in an 
interview with representatives of sports media. Later, also in the Oval 
Office, he met with outgoing President James D. Wolfensohn of the World 
Bank.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with 2004 Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science 
Teaching recipients.
    In the evening, at Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium, the President 
threw out the first pitch to open the Major League Baseball game between 
the Washington Nationals and the Arizona Diamondbacks. He and Mrs. Bush 
and family members then watched the game.

April 15

    In the morning, the President met with Secretary of Defense Donald 
H. Rumsfeld. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker of Luxembourg. Later, also in the 
Oval Office, he met with President Paul Kagame of Rwanda.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Cleveland, OH, 
arriving in the afternoon. Upon arrival at the Cleveland Hopkins 
International Airport, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Anita 
Isom.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Mentor, OH, where, 
he had coffee with small-business owners at the Yours Truly restaurant. 
He then traveled to Kirtland, OH.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raymond Simon to 
be Deputy Secretary of Education and to designate him as Acting Deputy 
Secretary of Education.
    The President announced his intention to designate John A. Russack 
as the program manager responsible for information sharing across the 
Federal Government, pursuant to section 1016(f) of the Intelligence 
Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council: Bruce 
Lawrence Bialosky; Marek J. Chodakiewicz; Itchko Ezratti; Marilyn R. 
Fox; JoAnne Ginsberg; Constance B. Girard-diCarlo; Norman Hascoe; Marcia 
McCraw Horwitz; Edward Koch; Michael I. Lebovitz; Elena Neuman 
Lefkowitz; Steven M. Levy; and William F. Weld.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arizona and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on February 10-15.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mud and debris flows 
on February 16-23.

[[Page 617]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on April 2 and 
continuing.