Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 26 (Monday, July 4, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 26 (Monday, July 4, 2005)]
[Pages 1111-1113]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted June 28

 Phillip Jackson Bell,

 of Georgia, to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Logistics and 
Materiel Readiness, vice Diane K. Morales, resigned.

[[Page 1112]]

 Susan P. Bodine,

 of Maryland, to be Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste, 
Environmental Protection Agency, vice Marianne Lamont Horinko, resigned.

 John Hillen,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Political-Military 
Affairs), vice Lincoln P. Bloomfield, Jr., resigned.

 Darryl W. Jackson,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, 
vice Julie L. Myers.

 David H. McCormick,

 of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export 
Administration, vice Kenneth I. Juster, resigned.

 Gillian Arlette Milovanovic,

 of Pennsylvania, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of 
Macedonia.

 Michael Retzer,

 of Mississippi, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the United Republic of Tanzania.

 Ronald M. Sega,

 of Colorado, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force, vice Peter B. 
Teets, resigned.

 Josette Sheeran Shiner,

 of Virginia, to be an Under Secretary of State (Economic, Business, and 
Agricultural Affairs), vice Alan Philip Larson, resigned.

 Eric M. Thorson,

 of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Small Business Administration, 
vice Harold Damelin, resigned.
 Submitted June 29

 John O. Agwunobi,

 of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
vice Eve Slater, resigned.

 James Cain,

 of North Carolina, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to Denmark.

 Keith E. Eastin,

 of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, vice Mario P. 
Fiori, resigned.

 A.J. Eggenberger,

 of Montana, to be a member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety 
Board for a term expiring October 18, 2008 (reappointment).

 Terrell Halaska,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary for Legislation 
and Congressional Affairs, Department of Education, vice Karen Johnson, 
resigned.

 Karen P. Hughes,

 of Texas, to be Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy, with the 
rank of Ambassador, vice Charlotte L. Beers, resigned.

 Kim Kendrick,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing 
and Urban Development, vice Carolyn Y. Peoples.

 Robert M. Kimmitt,

 of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, vice Samuel W. 
Bodman, resigned.

 Ronald E. Meisburg,

 of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations 
Board for a term of 4 years, vice Arthur F. Rosenfeld, term expired.

 Robert A. Mosbacher,

 of Texas, to be President of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation, vice Peter S. Watson.

 Julie L. Myers,

 of Kansas, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, vice 
Michael J. Garcia.

 Patrick M. O'Brien,

 of Minnesota, to be Assistant Secretary for Terrorist Financing, 
Department of the Treasury (new position).

 Peter Schaumber,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Labor 
Relations Board for

[[Page 1113]]

the term of 5 years expiring August 27, 2010 (reappointment).

 Kristen Silverberg,

 of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (International 
Organization Affairs), vice Kim R. Holmes, resigned.
 Withdrawn June 29

 Ronald E. Meisburg,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring August 27, 2008, vice Rene Acosta, 
resigned, which was sent to the Senate on January 24, 2005.
 Submitted June 30

 Christopher Cox,

 of California, to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
for the term expiring June 5, 2009, vice Harvey Jerome Goldschmid, term 
expired.

 Jendayi Elizabeth Frazer,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (African Affairs), 
vice Constance Berry Newman.

 Michael J. Garcia,

 of New York, to be U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York 
for the term of 4 years, vice James B. Comey.

 Mark Langdale,

 of Texas, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Costa Rica.

 John S. Redd,

 of Georgia, to be Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, 
office of the Director of National Intelligence (new position).