Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 28 (Monday, July 18, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 28 (Monday, July 18, 2005)]
[Pages 1170-1172]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 10

    In the morning, on the South Lawn, the President met with members of 
the Soldier Ride 2005 National Tour Team.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Dennis beginning on July 10 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Dennis beginning on July 10 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Dennis beginning on July 10 and continuing.

July 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he and Vice President Dick Cheney met with 
Ambassador to Iraq Zalmay Khalilzad.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Quantico, VA. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
received diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Zamira Sydykova of the 
Kyrgyz Republic, Dennis James Richardson of Australia, and Carlos 
Gianelli of Uruguay. Later, he participated in a photo opportunity with 
White House summer interns.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Caldwell 
Cason to be Ambassador to Paraguay.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rebecca F. Dye to 
be a Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Keith A. Nelson to 
be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development 
(Administration).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gordon Charles 
Brenner as a member of the National Veterans Business Development 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy

[[Page 1171]]

and Negotiations: Craig Radford Barrett; Jose Behar; Michael E. 
Campbell; Stephanie Harkness; and Maria Guadalupe Taxman.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the American Battle Monuments Commission: 
Leslie Gromis Baker; Chester L. Berryhill, Jr.; Donald T. Bollinger; 
James Culbertson; Brig. Gen. Jerry L. Laws, USA, (Ret.); Rear Adm. 
Thomas E. Morris, USN, (Ret.); Gen. Carol Ann Mutter, USMC, (Ret.); and 
James Reynolds.

July 12

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
bipartisan Members of the Senate to discuss the upcoming Supreme Court 
nomination. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with the 
National Infrastructure Advisory Council. Later, in the Oval Office, he 
met with the chairs and ranking members of the Senate Committee on 
Energy and Natural Resources, the House Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, the Senate Finance Committee, and the House Committee on Ways 
and Means to discuss energy legislation.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome President Alvaro Uribe of Colombia and his wife, Lina Moreno de 
Uribe, to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, on August 4.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia Louise 
Herbold to be Ambassador to Singapore.

July 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with the National 
Endowment for Democracy's 2005 Democracy Award recipients.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with Republican Members of 
the House of Representatives to discuss the Central American-Dominican 
Republic Free Trade Agreement.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stewart A. Baker 
to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Policy).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tracy A. Henke to 
be Executive Director of the Office of State and Local Government 
Coordination and Preparedness at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate James Lambright 
as Acting President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States.

July 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Indianapolis, IN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Vernice Williams.
    In the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany of Hungary for a meeting at the White House on 
October 3.

July 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of 
El Salvador.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Belmont, NC, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Janice Bozardt. Later, 
he toured the R.L. Stowe Mills, Inc., Helms Plant.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bruce Cole to be 
Chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate H. Dale Hall to be 
Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service at the Department of the 
Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Vincent J. 
Ventimiglia, Jr., to be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services 
(Legislation).

[[Page 1172]]