Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 38 (Monday, September 26, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 38 (Monday, September 26, 2005)]
[Pages 1454-1455]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted September 19

 John Robert Bolton,

 of Maryland, to be the Representative of the United States of America 
to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador 
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, and the Representative of the United 
States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations, to 
which position he was appointed during the recess of the Senate from 
July 29, 2005, to September 1, 2005.

 John Robert Bolton,

 of Maryland, to be Representative of the United States of America to 
the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations during his 
tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to 
the United Nations, to which position he was appointed during the recess 
of the Senate from July 29, 2005, to September 1, 2005.

 John J. Danilovich,

 of California, to be Chief Executive Officer, Millennium Challenge 
Corporation, vice Paul V. Applegarth, resigned.

 Eric S. Edelman,

 of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, vice Douglas 
Jay Feith, resigned, to which position he was appointed during the 
recess of the Senate from July 29, 2005, to September 1, 2005.

[[Page 1455]]

 Alice S. Fisher,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Christopher A. 
Wray to which position she was appointed during the recess of the Senate 
from July 29, 2005, to September 1, 2005.

 Peter Cyril Wyche Flory,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, vice Jack Dyer 
Crouch, II, to which position he was appointed during the recess of the 
Senate from July 29, 2005, to September 1, 2005.

 Peter Schaumber,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Labor 
Relations Board for the term of 5 years expiring August 27, 2010, to 
which position he was appointed during the recess of the Senate from 
July 29, 2005, to September 1, 2005.
 Withdrawn September 19

 Terry Neese,

 of Oklahoma, to be Director of the Mint for a term of 5 years, vice 
Henrietta Holsman Fore, which was sent to the Senate on July 29, 2005.
 Submitted September 22

 John O. Agwunobi,

 of Florida, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public 
Health Service, subject to the qualifications therefor as provided by 
law and regulations.

 Katherine Baicker,

 of New Hampshire, to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers, 
vice Harvey S. Rosen, resigned.

 David M. Hale,

 of New Jersey, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.

 Matthew Slaughter,

 of New Hampshire, to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers, 
vice Kristin J. Forbes, resigned.

 Dorrance Smith,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, vice Victoria 
Clarke.

 Benson K. Whitney,

 of Minnesota, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Norway.