Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 4 (Monday, January 31, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 4 (Monday, January 31, 2005)]
[Pages 116-117]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Capitol Hilton Hotel, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended the Alfalfa Club Dinner.

January 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.

January 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will host a working 
dinner for President Jacques Chirac of France in Brussels, Belgium, on 
February 21.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Jackson to 
be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Poland to attend the 60th 
Anniversary of the Liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau: Vice President Dick 
Cheney (head of delegation); Lynne Cheney; Victor Ashe; Representative 
Tom Lantos; Annette Tillemann Lantos; Feliks Bruks; Deborah Lipstadt; 
Fred Schwartz; and Elie Wiesel.

January 25

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of the Iraqi Interim Government to discuss 
the upcoming elections in Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President met with African American leaders and 
pastors. Later, he participated in an interview with the Boston Herald.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
Republican Members of the Senate Finance Committee and Senate Republican 
leadership to discuss Social Security and other legislative priorities.
    In the evening, the President met with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and 
combatant commanders. He then hosted a dinner for them and their spouses 
on the State Floor.

January 26

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Luiz Inacio Lula of Brazil and King Juan Carlos I of 
Spain. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Bethesda, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Cabinet Room, he met with members of the Congressional Black 
Caucus.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Residence, the President met with 
Republican Members of the House Ways and Means Committee and House 
Republican leadership to discuss Social Security and other legislative 
priorities.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations to discuss the 
upcoming elections in Iraq.

January 27

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Ghazi al-Ujayl al-Yawr of the Iraqi Interim Government to 
discuss the upcoming elections and security situation in Iraq. He then 
had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 117]]

    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Cleveland, OH, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer T.J. 
Powell. Later, at The Cleveland Clinic, he viewed a demonstration of 
health care information technology.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he participated in an interview with the New York Times. He then 
participated in an interview with Brian Lamb of C-SPAN.

January 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to White Sulphur Springs, WV, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Brig. Gen. Jack 
Nicholson, USA (Ret.), as Secretary of the American Battle Monuments 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ronald A. Faucheux 
and Daron R. Shaw as members of the National Historical Publications and 
Records Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Peter Lichtenbaum 
as Acting Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration.