Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 16 (Monday, April 25, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 16 (Monday, April 25, 2005)]
[Pages 659-660]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 16

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

April 17

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Columbia, SC, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Tracey Ely.
    In the afternoon, the President met with employees and patrons at 
the Rockaway Athletic Club in Columbia.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. 
Later, he participated in a television interview with Ron Insana of 
CNBC.

April 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Springfield, IL, where, upon arrival, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Della Amos.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
tour of the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with the chairs and

[[Page 660]]

ranking members of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, 
the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Senate Finance 
Committee, and the House Committee on Ways and Means to discuss energy 
legislation.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Jersey and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on April 1-3.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on April 2-4.

April 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. Later, he had a 
briefing on the national economy.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
2005 Teacher of the Year Jason Kamras.

April 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Cabinet Room, he met with Members of the House of Representatives 
to discuss Social Security reform.
    In the evening, in the Oval Office, the President participated in a 
swearing-in ceremony for John D. Negroponte as Director of National 
Intelligence.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert B. Holland 
III to be the U.S. Executive Director of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles E. Johnson 
to be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Budget, 
Technology, and Finance.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger Dwayne 
Pierce to be Ambassador to Cape Verde.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record snow on March 11-12.

April 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to McGhee Tyson Air National Guard Base in Knoxville, TN, 
arriving in the afternoon. Upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Bob Lochbaum.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to the Inaugural Mass of His 
Holiness Pope Benedict XVI on April 24: Jeb Bush (head of delegation); 
Michael S. Steele; Carl A. Anderson; Helen Alvare; and Frank Hanley.