Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 38 (Monday, September 26, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 38 (Monday, September 26, 2005)]
[Pages 1452-1454]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 17

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing and a briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts and 
preparations for Hurricane Rita.

September 18

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

September 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts and preparations for 
Hurricane Rita.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
former President

[[Page 1453]]

Jimmy Carter and James A. Baker III, co-chairs, National Commission on 
Election Reform.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts to assist evacuees from 
the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide emergency assistance 
to those areas beginning on August 29 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in New Jersey and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Rhode Island and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts to assist 
evacuees from the area struck by Hurricane Katrina and to provide 
emergency assistance to those areas beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.

September 20

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea. He then had an intelligence 
briefing and a briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts and 
preparations for Hurricane Rita.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Gulfport, MS.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the U.S.S. Iwo Jima, 
docked near New Orleans, LA. Later, he had a briefing on Hurricane 
Katrina recovery efforts and preparations for Hurricane Rita.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Folgers Coffee plant in New Orleans, 
the President toured temporary employee housing. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the evening, in the State Dining Room, the President hosted a 
dinner for 2005 Presidents Cup teams.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with Gov. 
Rick Perry of Texas to discuss preparations for Hurricane Rita.
    The President declared an emergency in Florida and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
Tropical Storm Rita beginning on September 18 and continuing.

September 21

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Members 
of the Senate to discuss the upcoming Supreme Court nomination. He then 
had an intelligence briefing and a briefing on Hurricane Katrina 
recovery efforts and preparations for Hurricane Rita. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
members of the President's Commission to Strengthen Social Security. 
Later, in the Oval Office, he met with Speaker of the Iraqi Transitional 
National Assembly Hajim al-Hassani.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President had a 
briefing on housing issues related to Hurricane Katrina.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with Gov. 
Rick Perry of Texas to discuss preparations for Hurricane Rita.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome European 
Commission President Jose Manuel Durao Barroso for a meeting and lunch 
at the White House on October 18.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Katherine Baicker 
and Matthew Slaughter to be members of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Benson K. Whitney 
to be Ambassador to Norway.
    The President declared an emergency in Louisiana and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
Hurricane Rita beginning on September 20 and continuing.

[[Page 1454]]

    The President declared an emergency in Texas and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
Hurricane Rita beginning on September 20 and continuing.

September 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts and preparations for 
Hurricane Rita. Later, he had a telephone conversation with Gov. Rick 
Perry of Texas to discuss preparations for Hurricane Rita.
    Later in the morning, the President and Vice President Dick Cheney 
traveled to Arlington, VA, where, at the Pentagon, they had a briefing 
on the war on terror.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President had another telephone conversation 
with Gov. Perry to discuss preparations for Hurricane Rita.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Hale to be 
Ambassador to Jordan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dorrance Smith to 
be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas O. Barnett 
as Acting Assistant Attorney General for the Antitrust Division at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Export Council: Sharon L. 
Allen; John Sau Chung Chen; James F. Dicke II; Hamilton E. James; 
Prakash V. Puram; and Timothy Paul Smucker.

September 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on preparations for Hurricane Rita. Later, in the Oval Office, 
he met with members of the Boys and Girls Club of America Youth of the 
Year finalists.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Colorado Springs, CO, 
where, at Peterson Air Force Base, he had a briefing on preparations for 
Hurricane Rita by officials of the North American Aerospace Defense 
Command (NORAD).
    The President announced his intention to designate Andrew von 
Eschenbach as Acting Commissioner of Food and Drugs at the Food and Drug 
Administration at the Department of Health and Human Services.