Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41 Issue 31 (Monday, August 8, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 41, Number 31 (Monday, August 8, 2005)]
[Pages 1257-1258]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, where 
he had his annual physical examination and visited injured U.S. military 
personnel.

[[Page 1258]]

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 31

    In the evening, the President traveled to Fort A.P. Hill, VA. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC.

August 1

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Ricardo Maduro of Honduras and President Leonel Fernandez 
Reyna of the Dominican Republic to discuss passage of the Dominican 
Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement 
Implementation Act (CAFTA).
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with King Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia. He then had 
an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a roundtable 
interview with representatives of Texas media.
    The President declared a major disaster in Utah and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
flooding and landslides on April 28 through June 29.

August 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Oscar Berger of Guatemala 
to discuss passage of the Dominican Republic-Central America-United 
States Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (CAFTA).
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a roundtable 
interview with representatives of regional media. Later, he traveled to 
the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Peter Cyril Wyche 
Flory as an Assistant Secretary of Defense (International Security 
Policy).
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, to 
express condolences on the passing of King Fahd bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud, 
and to congratulate King Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud on assuming 
the throne: Richard B. Cheney (head of delegation); George H.W. Bush; 
James C. Oberwetter; Colin L. Powell; and Gen. Peter Pace, USMC.

August 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Grapevine, TX, where, at 
the Gaylord Texan Resort and Convention Center, he received the Thomas 
Jefferson Freedom Award from the American Legislative Exchange Council. 
Later, he returned to the Bush Ranch.

August 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush welcomed President Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia and 
his wife, Lina Moreno de Uribe, to the Bush Ranch.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with 
President Uribe and Mrs. Uribe.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Juba, Sudan, to attend the 
funeral of First Vice President Dr. John Garang de Mabior on August 6: 
Andrew S. Natsios (head of delegation); Donald M. Payne; John Limbert; 
Constance Berry Newman; and Roger P. Winter.

August 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.