Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34 Issue 1 (Monday, January 5, 1998)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 34, Number 1 (Monday, January 5, 1998)]
[Page 4]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders Transmitting a Report on Emigration 
Policies of Certain Former Eastern Bloc States

December 31, 1997

Dear Mr. Speaker:  (Dear Mr. President:)

    On September 21, 1994, I determined and reported to the Congress 
that the Russian Federation was in ``full compliance'' with the freedom 
of emigration criteria of sections 402 and 409 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
On June 3, 1997, I determined and reported to the Congress that Armenia, 
Azerbaijan, Georgia, Moldova, and Ukraine were in ``full compliance'' 
with the freedom of emigration criteria of sections 402 and 409 of the 
Trade Act of 1974. On December 5, 1997, I determined and reported to the 
Congress that Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and 
Uzbekistan were in ``full compliance'' with the freedom of emigration 
criteria of sections 402 and 409 of the Trade Act of 1974. These actions 
allowed for the continuation of most-favored-nation (MFN) status and 
certain other activities without the requirement of an annual waiver.

    As required by law, I am submitting an updated report to the 
Congress concerning the emigration laws and policies of Armenia, 
Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, the Russian 
Federation, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan. You will 
find that the report indicates continued compliance with U.S. and 
international standards in the area of emigration for these countries.

    Sincerely,
                                            William J. Clinton

Note: Identical letters were sent to Newt Gingrich, Speaker of the House 
of Representatives, and Albert Gore, Jr., President of the Senate. This 
letter was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on January 2.