Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 33 Issue 42 (Monday, October 20, 1997)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 33, Number 42 (Monday, October 20, 1997)]
[Pages 1593-1594]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on a Line Item Veto of the Treasury and General Government 
Appropriations Act, 1998

October 16, 1997

    I have used my line item veto authority today to cancel a provision 
of the 1998 Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act that 
provides an open season for certain Federal employees to switch 
retirement systems.
    This line item veto will save $854 million over 5 years by 
preventing a hastily conceived, undebated provision from becoming law. 
In addition, my action will keep agencies from having to reallocate 
another $1.3 billion in limited discretionary resources to pay higher 
retirement benefits, rather than spend it on other priorities, such as 
pay increases, or essential agency needs.
    I did not propose this provision in my 1998 budget, it was not the 
subject of public hearings, and it was not considered by either the 
House or the Senate. Instead, it was added at the end of the legislative 
process, in a House-Senate conference committee. I believe that by 
canceling this provision, I am using my line item veto authority in an 
appropriate manner.
    I am committed to ensure that the Federal Government can recruit and 
retain the quality individuals we need to administer Federal programs. I 
will work with Congress to ensure that our Federal civil servants are 
compensated fairly for the essential work they do for the American 
people.

Note: The reports detailing the cancellations were published in the 
Federal Register on October 17. H.R. 2378, approved October 10, was 
assigned Public Law No. 105-61.

[[Page 1594]]