Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 33 Issue 38 (Monday, September 22, 1997)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 33, Number 38 (Monday, September 22, 1997)]
[Page 1365]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Helicopter Tragedy in Bosnia-Herzegovina

September 18, 1997

    I am deeply saddened by the deaths in Bosnia yesterday of five 
dedicated Americans serving the cause of peace. David Kriskovich, Deputy 
Commissioner of the International Police Task Force (IPTF); Leah 
Melnick, Human Rights Officer with the Office of the High 
Representative; Livio Beccaccio, Senior Advisor to Deputy Commissioner 
Kriskovich; Marvin Padgett, IPTF Training Coordinator and Police 
Monitors; and William Nesbitt, Bosnia Program Manager for the Justice 
Department's International Criminal Investigative Training Assistance 
Program (ICITAP) perished when a UN helicopter crashed on its way from 
Sarajevo to Bugojno and Brcko.
    Also lost in this tragic accident were five German citizens, 
including Ambassador Gerd Wagner, Senior Deputy High Representative, as 
well as a British and a Polish citizen.
    These men and this woman were serving the cause of peace and 
reconciliation, dedicated to building under exceptionally difficult 
circumstances what was envisioned at Dayton almost 2 years ago. The 
selfless commitment of such talented people is inspiring. We are 
determined to carry forward their vital work.
    My heartfelt sympathy is extended to the Kriskovich, Melnick, 
Beccaccio, Padgett, and Nesbitt families as well as the families of 
their colleagues. May they take comfort in the good works of their loved 
ones, for as the scripture tells us, ``Blessed are the peacemakers, for 
they shall be called the children of God.''