Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 33 Issue 36 (Monday, September 8, 1997)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 33, Number 36 (Monday, September 8, 1997)]
[Pages 1280-1281]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders Transmitting the Report on the 
Partnership For Peace

September 3, 1997

Dear __________:

    In accordance with section 514(a) of Public Law 103-236 (22 U.S.C. 
1928(a)), I am submitting to you this report on implementation of the 
Partnership for Peace (PFP) initiative.
    The recent NATO Summit in Madrid highlighted the tremendous success 
of the Partnership for Peace and the important role PFP plays as a 
permanent security structure for the undivided Europe of the 21st 
century. On the second day of the Summit, 27 Partner Heads of State and 
Government met with their NATO counterparts under the auspices of the 
new Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council. This meeting, the first of its 
kind, underscored the strength of the cooperative relationship NATO has 
built with the Partners in the 3-\1/2\ years since the creation of PFP.
    The Partnership for Peace has been instrumental in helping countries 
prepare for NATO membership. At the same time, it has also been a 
critical tool in helping all the countries of Central and Eastern 
Europe, regardless of their desire to join NATO, to build stronger ties 
with the Alliance and de

[[Page 1281]]

velop closer cooperative relationships with all their neighbors. As you 
will see from the attached report, NATO and its Partners have made 
impressive progress in broadening and deepening the Partnership over the 
past year. With the creation of the Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council 
and the implementation of enhancements to the PFP program, Allies and 
Partners together will help bring about our shared goal of a Euro-
Atlantic community that is safe, secure, and united by common values and 
common understanding.
    Sincerely,
                                            William J. Clinton

Note: Identical letters were sent to Jesse Helms, chairman, and Joseph 
R. Biden, Jr., ranking member, Senate Committee on Foreign Relations; 
and Benjamin A. Gilman, chairman, and Lee H. Hamilton, ranking member, 
House Committee on International Relations.