Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 33 Issue 12 (Monday, March 24, 1997)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 33, Number 12 (Monday, March 24, 1997)]
[Pages 387-388]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Senate Action on Certification of Mexico

March 20, 1997

    I welcome the Senate action endorsing greater cooperation with 
Mexico and other nations in our hemisphere in the common fight against 
the scourge of drugs. The resolution approved today represents 
bipartisan

[[Page 388]]

cooperation at its best. Senators reached across the aisle in a way that 
supports our work with Mexico to keep illegal narcotics out of America's 
neighborhoods and away from our children.
    The Senate and I share a common goal: We both want to improve 
cooperation with Mexico, Latin America, and the Caribbean in the fight 
against drugs. I certified Mexico because of the unprecedented level of 
counternarcotics cooperation we have achieved in the last year and 
because of the positive steps Mexico has taken on its own to fight drug 
trafficking. But as I said when I made that decision, much more needs to 
be done by everyone in this battle. This certification reinforces our 
ongoing efforts and will foster increased U.S.-Mexico cooperation and 
strengthen Mexico's own antidrug initiatives. This approach, not 
confrontation, is the right way to get the results we all want.
    The Senate's resolution adopts a clear stand that will support our 
efforts. It also makes a constructive contribution by emphasizing that 
solving the problem of drugs requires work on both sides of the border. 
For example, the bill requires reporting on steps that my administration 
is taking, such as strengthening border enforcement and improving 
antidrug education for our youth. I welcome the Senate's farsighted 
approach, and I urge the House to take up this bill and pass it as 
quickly as possible.