Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32 Issue 3 (Monday, January 22, 1996)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32, Number 3 (Monday, January 22, 1996)]
[Pages 77-78]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice--Continuation of Emergency Regarding Terrorists Who Threaten To 
Disrupt the Middle East Peace Process

January 18, 1996

    On January 23, 1995, by Executive Order No. 12947, I declared a 
national emergency to deal with the unusual and extraordinary threat to 
the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States 
constituted by grave acts of violence committed by foreign terrorists 
that disrupt the Middle East peace process. By Executive Order No. 12947 
of January 23, 1995, I blocked the assets in the United States, or in 
the control of United States persons, of foreign terrorists who threaten 
to disrupt the Middle East peace process. I also prohibited transactions 
or dealings by United States persons in such property. Because terrorist 
activities continue to threaten the Middle East peace process and vital 
interests of the United States in the Middle East, the national emer- 

[[Page 78]]

gency declared on January 23, 1995, and the measures that took effect on 
January 24, 1995, to deal with that emergency must continue in effect 
beyond January 23, 1996. Therefore, in accordance with section 202(d) of 
the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)), I am continuing the 
national emergency with respect to foreign terrorists who threaten to 
disrupt the Middle East peace process.
    This notice shall be published in the Federal Register and 
transmitted to the Congress.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
January 18, 1996.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 11:24 a.m., January 19, 
1996]

Note: This notice was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
January 19, and it was published in the Federal Register on January 22.