Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32 Issue 1 (Monday, January 8, 1996)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32, Number 1 (Monday, January 8, 1996)]
[Pages 8-9]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on the Continuation of the Libyan Emergency

January 3, 1996

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for

[[Page 9]]

the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, prior to the 
anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the 
Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the 
emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In 
accordance with this provision, I have sent the enclosed notice, stating 
that the Libyan emergency is to continue in effect beyond January 7, 
1996, to the Federal Register for publication.
    The crisis between the United States and Libya that led to the 
declaration of a national emergency on January 7, 1986, has not been 
resolved. The Government of Libya has continued its actions and policies 
in support of terrorism, despite the calls by the United Nations 
Security Council, in Resolutions 731 (1992), 748 (1992), and 883 (1993) 
that it demonstrate by concrete actions its renunciation of such 
terrorism. Such Libyan actions and policies pose a continuing unusual 
and extraordinary threat to the national security and vital foreign 
policy interests of the United States. For these reasons, the national 
emergency declared on January 7, 1986, and the measures adopted on 
January 7 and January 8, 1986, to deal with that emergency, must 
continue in effect beyond January 7, 1996. I have determined that it is 
necessary to maintain in force the broad authorities necessary to apply 
economic pressure to the Government of Libya to reduce its ability to 
support international terrorism.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
January 3, 1996.