Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32 Issue 46 (Monday, November 18, 1996)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32, Number 46 (Monday, November 18, 1996)]
[Pages 2402-2403]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Arlington, VA. He returned 
to Washington, DC, in the afternoon.

November 12

    In the afternoon, the President met with congressional leaders in 
the Oval Office to discuss bipartisan relations in the upcoming 105th 
Congress.
    Later, the President held separate meetings with Agriculture 
Secretary Dan Glickman, Energy Secretary Hazel R. O'Leary, Labor 
Secretary Robert B. Reich, and Transportation Secretary Federico Pena 
concerning the second term transition.
    The White House announced that the President welcomed the formation 
of a Special Advisory Committee to the Secretary of State on Religious 
Freedom Abroad.

November 13

    In the morning, the President had telephone conversations with the 
following foreign leaders: Prime Minister Jean Chretien of Canada 
concerning the situation in Zaire; President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and 
King Hussein I of Jordan concerning the Middle East peace process; 
President Kim Yong-sam of Korea concerning security issues on the Korean 
Peninsula; and President Fernando Cardoso of Brazil concerning the visit 
of Presidential Counselor Thomas F. (Mack) McLarty to follow up on 
Summit of the Americas agenda items.
    The President announced the formation of the Presidential Inaugural 
Committee 1997 to organize the celebration of his inauguration to a 
second term. He also announced that Deputy Chief of Staff Harold Ickes 
will coordinate inaugural activities from the White House. The following 
persons will serve as vice chairs of the committee: Ronald Burkle, Linda 
Chavez-Thompson, Lawton Chiles, Beth Dozoretz, Gordon D. Giffin, Robert 
Johnson, Ellen Malcolm, Richard Leon Mays, Carol Pensky, Edward Rendell, 
Ed Romero, Fred Seigel, Stanley Shuman, Mary Elizabeth Teasely, and 
Jonathan Tisch.

November 14

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu of Israel concerning the Middle East 
peace process. Later, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jacques Chirac of France concerning the situation in Zaire.

[[Page 2403]]

    The President met with Acting U.S. Trade Representative Charlene 
Barshefsky, Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala, and 
Education Secretary Richard Riley to discuss second term transition.

November 15

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Honolulu, HI.