Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32 Issue 36 (Monday, September 9, 1996)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32, Number 36 (Monday, September 9, 1996)]
[Page 1596]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message on the Observance of Labor Day, 1996

August 30, 1996

    Warm greetings to all Americans as we commemorate our nation's 102nd 
Labor Day holiday.
    Each Labor Day we celebrate the accomplishments of our working men 
and women. Jobs drive our economy and ensure that the blessings of 
freedom will benefit generations to come. Labor Day is an opportunity to 
recognize those who began the fight to improve working conditions and 
labor laws for Americans, as well as those who continue to ensure 
dignity in the workplace, integrity in our society, and honor in the 
global marketplace.
    This Labor Day, we have much to cheer, including 10 million new jobs 
created in the past three and a half years and better and safer pensions 
for 40 million workers and retirees. The Family and Medical Leave Act 
has permitted countless workers to care for loved ones without fear of 
losing their jobs or their seniority. And employees are now guaranteed 
that when they change jobs, they can take their health care coverage 
with them.
    We observe this day knowing that the best is yet to come. Working 
together, management and labor can improve quality and efficiency, 
reduce production costs, promote new job opportunities, and ensure safe 
and healthy working conditions.
    As we pause to reflect on the contributions of America's workers, we 
should remember those who seek a job--who seek a piece of the American 
Dream--and rededicate ourselves to making that dream possible for all 
Americans to achieve.
    Best wishes to all for a memorable holiday.
                                                  Bill Clinton

Note: This message was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.