Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32 Issue 27 (Monday, July 8, 1996)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 32, Number 27 (Monday, July 8, 1996)]
[Pages 1197-1198]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 29

    In the morning, the President met with G-7 leaders, Russian leaders, 
and foreign ministers in the Plenary Room of the Contemporary Art Museum 
in Lyons, France.

[[Page 1198]]

    In the afternoon, the President attended a luncheon with G-7, 
Russian, and international organization leaders at Parc de la Tete d'Or. 
He then greeted Lyons art students and reviewed their paintings.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to Paris, 
France, where they attended a private dinner with President Jacques 
Chirac of France and his wife, Bernadette, at Restaurant L'Ambroisie. He 
then traveled to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, arriving early the 
following morning.

June 30

    In the morning, the President met with families of U.S. Air Force 
personnel killed in the terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia. He then 
traveled to Patrick Air Force Base, Florida.
    In the afternoon, the President met with families of U.S. Air Force 
personnel killed in the terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 2

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Chicago, IL.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
after midnight.
    The White House announced that the President invited Prime Minister 
Goran Persson of Sweden to Washington, DC, for a working visit on August 
6.

July 3

    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning April 28 through May 25.

July 4

    In the morning, the President traveled to Patuxent River Naval Air 
Station in Maryland. Later, he traveled to Youngstown, OH.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.