Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31 Issue 52 (Monday, January 1, 1996)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31, Number 52 (Monday, January 1, 1996)]
[Page 2238]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved December 23

H.R. 325 / Public Law 104-70

To amend the Clean Air Act to provide for an optional provision for the 
reduction of work-related vehicle trips and miles travelled in ozone 
nonattainment areas designated as severe, and for other purposes

H.R. 1240 / Public Law 104-71

Sex Crimes Against Children Prevention Act of 1995

S. 1465 / Public Law 104-72

To extend au pair programs
Approved December 26

H.R. 1747 / Public Law 104-73

Federally Supported Health Centers Assistance Act of 1995

H.R. 2336 / Public Law 104-74

To amend the Doug Barnard, Jr.--1996 Atlanta Centennial Olympic Games 
Commemorative Coin Act, and for other purposes
Approved December 28

H.R. 395 / Public Law 104-75

To designate the United States courthouse and Federal building to be 
constructed at the southeastern corner of Liberty and South Virginia 
Streets in Reno, Nevada, as the ``Bruce R. Thompson United States 
Courthouse and Federal Building''

H.R. 660 / Public Law 104-76

Housing for Older Persons Act of 1995

H.R. 965 / Public Law 104-77

To designate the Federal building located at 600 Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Place in Louisville, Kentucky, as the ``Romano L. Mazzoli Federal 
Building''

H.R. 1253 / Public Law 104-78

To rename the San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Don 
Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge

H.R. 2527 / Public Law 104-79

To amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to improve the 
electoral process by permitting electronic filing and preservation of 
Federal Election Commission reports, and for other purposes

H.R. 2547 / Public Law 104-80

To designate the United States courthouse located at 800 Market Street 
in Knoxville, Tennessee, as the ``Howard H. Baker, Jr. United States 
Courthouse''

H.J. Res. 69 / Public Law 104-81

Providing for the reappointment of Homer Alfred Neal as a citizen regent 
of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution

H.J. Res. 110 / Public Law 104-82

Providing for the appointment of Howard H. Baker, Jr. as a citizen 
regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution

H.J. Res. 111 / Public Law 104-83

Providing for the appointment of Anne D'Harnoncourt as a citizen regent 
of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution

H.J. Res. 112 / Public Law 104-84

Providing for the appointment of Louis Gerstner as a citizen regent of 
the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution

S. 369 / Public Law 104-85

To designate the Federal Courthouse in Decatur, Alabama, as the 
``Seybourn H. Lynne Federal Courthouse'', and for other purposes

S. 965 / Public Law 104-86

To designate the United States Courthouse for the Eastern District of 
Virginia in Alexandria, Virginia, as the Albert V. Bryan United States 
Courthouse
Approved December 29

H.R. 1878 / Public Law 104-87

To extend for 4 years the period of applicability of enrollment mix 
requirement to certain health maintenance organizations providing 
services under Dayton Area Health Plan

H.R. 2539 / Public Law 104-88

ICC Termination Act of 1995