Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31 Issue 45 (Monday, November 13, 1995)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31, Number 45 (Monday, November 13, 1995)]
[Pages 1986-1987]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Remarks on the Death of Prime Minister Rabin

November 4, 1995

    The world has lost one of its greatest men, a warrior for his 
nation's freedom and now a martyr for his nation's peace.
    To Leah Rabin and her children, Hillary and I send our love and our 
prayers. To the people of Israel, I want you to know that the hearts and 
prayers of all Americans are with you. Just as America has stood by you 
in moments of crisis and triumph, so now we all stand by you in this 
moment of grieving and loss.
    For half a century, Yitzhak Rabin risked his life to defend his 
country. Today, he gave his life to bring it a lasting peace. His last 
act, his last words were in defense of that peace he did so much to 
create. Peace must be and peace will be Prime Minister Rabin's lasting 
legacy.
    Tonight, the land for which he gave his life is in mourning. But I 
want the world to remember what Prime Minister Rabin said here at the 
White House barely one month ago, and I quote, ``We should not let the 
land flowing with milk and honey become a land flowing with blood and 
tears. Don't let it happen.''

[[Page 1987]]

    Now it falls to us, all those in Israel, throughout the Middle East, 
and around the world who yearn for and love peace to make sure it 
doesn't happen.
    Yitzhak Rabin was my partner and my friend. I admired him, and I 
loved him very much. Because words cannot express my true feelings, let 
me just say, shalom, chaver, goodbye, friend.

Note: The President spoke at 5:48 p.m. in the Rose Garden at the White 
House. In his remarks, he referred to Prime Minister Rabin's widow, 
Leah.