Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31 Issue 40 (Monday, October 9, 1995)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31, Number 40 (Monday, October 9, 1995)]
[Page 1762]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the House of Representatives Returning Without Approval the 
Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill, FY 1996

October 3, 1995

To the House of Representatives:

    I am returning today without my approval H.R. 1854, the 
``Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill, FY 1996.''
    H.R. 1854 is, in fact, a disciplined bill, one that I would sign 
under different circumstances. But, at this point, Congress has 
completed action on only two of the 13 FY 1996 appropriations bills: 
this one and H.R. 1817, the Military Construction appropriations bill. 
Thus, the vast majority of Federal activities lack final FY 1996 funding 
and are operating under a short-term continuing resolution.
    I appreciate the willingness of Congress to work with my 
Administration to produce an acceptable short-term continuing resolution 
before completing action on the regular, full-year appropriations bills 
for FY 1996. I believe, however, that it would be inappropriate to 
provide full-year regular funding for Congress and its offices while 
funding for most other activities of Government remains incomplete, 
unresolved, and uncertain.
    As I said two months ago, I don't think Congress should take care of 
its own business before it takes care of the people's business. I stated 
that if the congressional leadership were to follow through on its plan 
to send me its own funding bill before finishing work on the rest of the 
budget, I would veto it. I am now following through on that commitment.
    I urge the Congress to move forward promptly on completing the FY 
1996 appropriations bills in a form that I can accept.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
October 3, 1995.