Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31 Issue 1 (Monday, January 9, 1995)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31, Number 1 (Monday, January 9, 1995)]
[Page 20]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Remarks Prior to a Meeting With Congressional Leaders and an Exchange 
With Reporters

January 5, 1995

    The President. I want to welcome the new congressional leadership 
and congratulate them. I was pleased with what I heard and saw 
yesterday, and I think that we're off to a good start. The real work is 
now beginning.
    I note that there are several areas where I believe that we can work 
together and where I hope we can work rapidly, congressional reform, the 
line-item veto. I hope we can do something on lobbying reform and on 
campaign finance reform. I believe that there are areas we can work 
together on welfare reform, on health care reform. We can do a lot of 
things.
    I think we all know that we're expert in stopping things. What we 
want to do is prove now we can work together to make things happen. And 
I'm encouraged by what I've heard and seen.
    I also think there is a consensus in this country that we shouldn't 
do anything that would increase the deficit, hurt the middle class, hurt 
poor people who are trying to work their way into the middle class, or 
do anything that would undermine our economic recovery. So on that 
basis, I think we can look forward to a good Congress. I'm excited about 
it and ready to go. And I'm glad they're here.
    Q. Is it like a compromise--between you and me--[laughter]--is it 
going to be compromise or combat?
    The President. My answer to that is, Mr. Gingrich will whisper into 
your right ear, and I will whisper into your left ear. [Laughter]

Note: The President spoke at 10:13 a.m. in the Cabinet Room at the White 
House. A tape was not available for verification of the content of these 
remarks.