Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31 Issue 35 (Monday, September 4, 1995)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 31, Number 35 (Monday, September 4, 1995)]
[Pages 1464-1465]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders Transmitting a Report on Cyprus

August 28, 1995

Dear Mr. Speaker:  (Dear Mr. Chairman:)

    In accordance with Public Law 95-384 (22 U.S.C. 2373(c)), I submit 
to you this report on progress toward a negotiated settlement of the 
Cyprus question. The previous report covered progress through May 31, 
1995. The current report covers the period June 1, 1995, through July 
31, 1995.
    Throughout the period, my representatives continued efforts to urge 
meaningful negotiations among the parties and to encourage them to take 
steps to create a healthy environment for talks and progress on overall 
settlement issues.
    In July, Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Richard 
Holbrooke met with U.S. Presidential Emissary for Cyprus Richard I. 
Beattie and U.S. ambassadors to the region, as well as private 
individuals and members of Congress, to consider the current Cyprus 
situation.
    There is general agreement that the recent decision by the European 
Union (EU) to begin discussion of Cyprus' accession to the EU could 
provide added motivation to the parties to achieve a settlement. Special 
Cyprus Coordinator James A. Williams visited a number of EU member 
countries during this period to consult on ways to take advantage of 
this opportunity to move the peace process forward.
    Sincerely,
                                            William J. Clinton

Note: Identical letters were sent to Newt Gingrich, Speaker of the House 
of Representatives, and Jesse Helms, chairman, Senate Committee on 
Foreign Relations. This letter was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on August 29.

[[Page 1465]]