Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 23 (Monday, June 9, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 23 (Monday, June 9, 2003)]
[Pages 732-734]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 31

    In the morning, in Krakow, Poland, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later,

[[Page 733]]

he and Mrs. Bush visited the Auschwitz-Birkenau World War II death camp 
complex near Oswiecim, Poland. They then returned to Krakow.
    Later in the morning, the President met with President Aleksander 
Kwasniewski of Poland at Wawel Royal Castle.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Leszek 
Miller of Poland at Wawel Royal Castle.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to St. Petersburg, 
Russia.
    In the evening, at Peterhof Palace, the President and Mrs. Bush had 
dinner and watched an outdoor ballet performance and fireworks show with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia and his wife, Lyudmila.

June 1

    In the morning, the President traveled to Evian-les-Bains, France, 
to attend the Group of Eight (G-8) Summit at the Hotel Royal.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in meetings and photo 
opportunities with leaders from G-8 and non-G-8 countries and the New 
Partnership for African Development (NEPAD).
    Also in the afternoon, the President met with President Hu Jintao of 
China to discuss the situation in North Korea, efforts to eradicate the 
SARS virus, and the war on terror.
    In the evening, the President attended a NEPAD/African Action Plan 
dinner with other leaders.

June 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in a working lunch and photo opportunities with G-8 
leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Lerner to 
be Commissioner of Education Statistics, Department of Education.

June 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Movenpick Conference Center in Sharm el-Sheikh, the President had 
bilateral meetings with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt. He also 
participated in multilateral meetings with President Mubarak, King Hamad 
bin Isa Al Khalifa of Bahrain, King Abdullah II of Jordan, Crown Prince 
Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, and Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) 
of the Palestinian Authority. In the afternoon, the leaders had a 
working lunch at the Four Seasons Resort.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with Crown Prince Abdullah 
of Saudi Arabia.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with President Mubarak at 
President Mubarak's residence.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel J. Bryant 
to be Assistant Attorney General (Legal Policy) and to designate him as 
Acting Assistant Attorney General (Legal Policy).
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, mud and rock slides, and tornadoes on 
May 4-27.

June 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with the Deputy Prime Minister of Kuwait to 
express his regret that he could not visit Kuwait during his Middle East 
trip and his appreciation for Kuwait's support in efforts to liberate 
Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Aqaba, Jordan, where 
he met with King Abdullah II of Jordan and later with Prime Minister 
Ariel Sharon of Israel.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Mahmoud 
Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority. Later, the President had 
trilateral meetings with Prime Minister Sharon and Prime Minister Abbas.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Doha, Qatar.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and 
Conservation Commission: Brad T. Barber, Kevin K. Conway, Dallin W. 
Jensen, and Jody L. Williams.

[[Page 734]]

June 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Also, at 
the Ritz-Carlton Doha Hotel, he met with Gen. Tommy R. Franks, USA, 
combatant commander, U.S. Central Command, and L. Paul Bremer III, 
Presidential Envoy to Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Camp As Sayliyah 
near Doha.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.

June 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom and Prime Minister 
Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss his trip to Europe and the Middle 
East.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Yoweri Kaguta Museveni of Uganda to the White House on June 10.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Thaksin Chinnawat of Thailand to Washington, DC, on June 10.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul S. DeGregorio 
and Deforest B. Soaries, Jr., to be members of the Election Assistance 
Commission.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 2 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in American Samoa and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement Territory and local recovery efforts 
in the area struck by flooding and mudslides on May 19-21.