Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 29 (Monday, July 21, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 29 (Monday, July 21, 2003)]
[Pages 935-937]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 12

    In the morning, in Abuja, Nigeria, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, in the courtyard of the Nicon Hilton Hotel, the 
President met with U.S. Embassy employees and their families.

    Later in the morning, at the Abuja National Hospital, the President 
and Mrs. Bush had a briefing on HIV/AIDS programs, toured laboratories, 
and participated in a roundtable discussion with medical staff and 
beneficiaries of HIV/AIDS mother-to-child transmission prevention 
programs.

    Also in the morning, at Aso Presidential Villa, the President and 
Mrs. Bush participated in a welcoming ceremony with President Olusegun 
Obasanjo of Nigeria.

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

July 14

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, in the Oval Office, he 
met with Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.

    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Gen. Tommy R. Franks, 
USA, combatant commander, U.S. Central Command, and his wife, Cathryn, 
in honor of General Franks' retirement.

    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, 
on July 20-21.

    The President declared a major disaster in Arizona and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by the Aspen fire on June 17 and continuing.

July 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla of the 
Czech Republic to discuss the situation in Iraq and European-U.S. 
relations.
    Later in the morning, he met with Secretary of State Colin L. 
Powell.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with teenagers

[[Page 936]]

involved in the Seeds of Peace camp program. Later, he met with 
bipartisan congressional leaders to discuss Medicare reform.
    The White House announced that the President will host the G-8 
Summit in Sea Island, GA, on June 8-10, 2004.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert B. Charles 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law 
Enforcement Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomasina V. 
Rogers to be a member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review 
Commission.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding on July 4 and continuing.

July 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he made brief remarks to U.S. Attorneys at the Department of Justice 
headquarters building.
    Later in the morning, the President met with economists.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in the ceremonial 
swearing-in of Office of Management and Budget Director Joshua B. 
Bolten.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with Members of Congress 
to discuss African affairs.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a reception in 
the Residence followed by a dinner on the State Floor for former 
President Gerald Ford and his wife, Betty, in honor of former President 
Ford's 90th birthday.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George H. Walker 
to be Ambassador to Hungary.

July 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Defense Secretary 
Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Veterans of Foreign Wars commander-in-chief Raymond C. Sisk. Later, he 
participated in an interview with a journalist from Leaders magazine.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with U.S. Ambassador to 
Japan Howard H. Baker, Jr. Later, the President met with Prime Minister 
Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Nestor Kirchner of Argentina to the White House on July 23.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority to the 
White House for a meeting and working lunch on July 25.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to the White House for a meeting and 
working lunch on July 29.

July 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Dallas, 
TX.
    In the evening, the President attended a Bush-Cheney reception at 
the Wyndham Anatole Hotel. Later, he and Mrs. Bush returned to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will award the 
Presidential Medal of Freedom to the following individuals in a ceremony 
at the White House on July 23: Jacques Barzun, Julia Child, Roberto 
Clemente Walker, Van Cliburn, Vaclav Havel, Charlton Heston, Edward 
Teller, R. David Thomas, Byron Raymond White, James Q. Wilson, and John 
R. Wooden.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Joseph 
Grossenbacher to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter Lichtenbaum 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration.
    The President announced his intention to designate Joan Ridder 
Challinor as Chairman

[[Page 937]]

of the National Commission on Libraries and Information Science.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
Hurricane Claudette on July 15 and continuing.