Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 37 (Monday, September 15, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 37 (Monday, September 15, 2003)]
[Pages 1206-1208]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 6

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

September 7

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. Later, they attended a White House tee-ball game on the 
South Lawn.

September 8

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland to discuss the situations in 
Iraq and the Middle East and the war on terror. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
received diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Mikhail M. Khvostov of 
Belarus, Abdoulaye Diop of Mali, Raul Gangotena Rivadeneira of Ecuador, 
Jose Octavio Bordon of Argentina, Rastislav Kacer of the Slovak 
Republic, Evan Jeremy Paki of Papua New Guinea, Barbara Joyce Masekela 
of South Africa, Juri Luik of Estonia, and Sir David Manning of the 
United Kingdom.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Nashville, TN, where he 
toured the Tutoring Center at Kirkpatrick Elementary School.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President

[[Page 1207]]

Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to discuss the upcoming World Trade 
Organization (WTO) ministerial meeting in Cancun, Mexico, Prime Minister 
Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India to discuss the upcoming WTO meeting and a 
potential United Nations Security Council resolution on Iraq, and 
President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa to discuss the upcoming WTO 
meeting.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his designation of Robert D. McCallum, Jr., 
as Acting Deputy Attorney General.

September 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Jacksonville, FL, where he participated in a briefing on 
educational tools available to parents and teachers at Hyde Park 
Elementary School.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger Walton 
Ferguson, Jr., to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ben S. Bernanke to 
be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for 
the Sixth District.

September 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and then 
met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. Later, he met with the 
Dalai Lama of Tibet to discuss Tibetan-Chinese relations.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Prime Minister Sabah 
al-Ahmad al-Jabir Al Sabah of Kuwait, following their meeting in the 
Oval Office. Later, he traveled to Quantico, VA, where he toured the FBI 
laboratory.
    In the evening, at the White House, the President hosted a dinner 
and screening of ``Twin Towers,'' a documentary film on the terrorist 
attacks on the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001.

September 11

    In the morning, at St. John's Episcopal Church in Washington, DC, 
the President and Mrs. Bush attended a prayer service commemorating the 
September 11 terrorist attacks. Later, on the South Lawn, they observed 
a moment of silence with Vice President Dick Cheney and Mrs. Cheney and 
White House staff for victims of the September 11 attacks.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President went to Walter Reed Army Medical 
Center, where he visited U.S. military personnel injured in Iraq and 
their family members. He also presented Purple Heart awards to some 
personnel.
    The White House announced that the President will host King Abdullah 
II and Queen Rania of Jordan at Camp David, MD, on September 18-19.

September 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Stewart, GA. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
had a telephone conversation with President Nestor Kirchner of Argentina 
to discuss the International Monetary Fund agreement that was reached 
earlier in the week. He also had a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister Goran Persson of Sweden to extend his condolences concerning 
the death of Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh. Also en route, he met 
with Senators Zell Miller and Saxby Chambliss and Representatives Jack 
Kingston and Max Burns of Georgia.
    In the afternoon, at Fort Stewart, the President presented the 
Presidential Unit Citation to the 3d Infantry Division of the U.S. Army.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Jackson, MS. 
Later, he traveled to Houston, TX, where he participated in the 10th 
anniversary celebration for the Power Center.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will visit the United 
Nations in New York on September 23-24 to address

[[Page 1208]]

the General Assembly on the opening day of the General Debate, and that 
he will meet with U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, Foreign Minister 
Julian Hunte of Saint Lucia, who is the incoming General Assembly 
President, and other foreign leaders.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Mwai Kibaki of Kenya for a state visit on October 6.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert L. 
Crandall, Louis S. Thompson, and Floyd Hall to be members of the Amtrak 
Reform Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gracia M. Hillman 
and Raymondo Martinez III to be members of the Election Assistance 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Wayne 
Anderson to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Robert Pearson 
to be Director General of Foreign Service, and to appoint him as 
Chairman of the Board of the Foreign Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Read Van de Water 
to be a member of the National Mediation Board.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on July 21 through August 18.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on July 21 through August 18.