Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 25 (Monday, June 23, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 25 (Monday, June 23, 2003)]
[Pages 792-793]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 14

    In the morning, at the Bush family home in Kennebunkport, ME, the 
President had an intelligence briefing.

June 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Orange, NJ, where he participated in a roundtable 
discussion with small-business owners and employees and toured the 
production facility at Andrea Foods. He then traveled to Elizabeth, NJ.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

June 17

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then traveled to Annandale, VA, where he participated in a roundtable 
discussion on employment training at Northern Virginia Community 
College. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his selection of William H. Leary as Chair 
of the Information Security Classification Appeals Panel.

June 18

    In the morning, the President met with Speaker of the House of 
Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, 
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, 
and Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle to discuss pending legislation 
and the President's recent trip to Europe and the Middle East. He then 
had intelligence and FBI briefings and met with the National Security 
Council.
    Later in the morning, in the Roosevelt Room, the President 
participated in a roundtable discussion with representatives of Prison 
Fellowship Ministries.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Vladimir Spidla of the Czech Republic to the White House on 
July 15.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alicia R. 
Castaneda to be a Director on the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Housing Finance Board.

June 19

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then traveled to Fridley, MN.
    In the afternoon, the President met with small-business owners and 
employees at Micro Control Co. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jackie Wolcott 
Sanders for the rank of Ambassador during her tenure of service as U.S. 
Representative to the Conference on Disarmament and the Special 
Representative of the President for Non-Proliferation of Nuclear 
Weapons.

[[Page 793]]

June 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. He also had a telephone conversation 
with President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to discuss transatlantic and 
global issues.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with President Luiz Inacio 
Lula da Silva of Brazil, following their meeting in the Oval Office.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Greensboro, GA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Mireya Moscoso of Panama to the White House for a meeting on June 26.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Africa, 
visiting Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda, and Nigeria on July 7-
12.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rene Acosta to be 
Assistant Attorney General, Civil Rights Division, at the Department of 
Justice.