Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 34 (Monday, August 25, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 34 (Monday, August 25, 2003)]
[Pages 1101-1102]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 16

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

August 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham to 
discuss the recent power blackout in portions of the Northeastern and 
Midwestern United States and Canada.

[[Page 1102]]

August 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil to express his condolences 
concerning the death of Brazilian citizen Sergio Vieira de Mello, 
Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General to Iraq, 
who died in the August 18 terrorist bombing of the U.N. headquarters in 
Baghdad. Later, he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Tony 
Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss the Baghdad terrorist attack.

August 20

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to discuss the August 18 terrorist 
attack in Jerusalem. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a video 
conference call with the National Security Council, including Ambassador 
L. Paul Bremer III, Presidential Envoy to Iraq, and Gen. John P. 
Abizaid, USA, combatant commander, U.S. Central Command.

August 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Portland, OR.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Redmond, OR, where he 
participated in a briefing on the Bear Butte and Booth fires in 
Deschutes National Forest. Later, aboard Marine One, he took an aerial 
tour of the forest fires.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Bend, OR.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Hugh Douglas 
Barclay to be Ambassador to El Salvador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael David 
Gallagher to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and 
Information.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lydia Irene Beebe; 
William Wilson III; and Joseph Thomas Yew, Jr., as members of the Board 
of Directors of the Presidio Trust.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Carl Michael 
Morgan, Jr., and Deborah Doris Wetsit as members of the President's 
Board of Advisors on Tribal Colleges and Universities.

August 22

    In the morning, the President traveled to Burbank, WA. En route, 
aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. Following his 
arrival, he participated in a briefing and tour of Ice Harbor Lock and 
Dam. Later, he traveled to Seattle, WA.
    In the afternoon, the President attended a Bush-Cheney luncheon at a 
private residence. Later, he returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gordon England to 
be Secretary of the Navy.
    The President announced the recess appointments of Charlotte A. Lane 
and Daniel Pearson as members of the U.S. International Trade 
Commission.
    The President announced the recess appointment of A. Paul Anderson 
as a Federal Maritime Commissioner.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Daniel Pipes as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
    The President announced the recess appointment of John Paul Woodley, 
Jr., as Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works.
    The President announced the recess appointments of David W. Fleming, 
Jay Phillip Greene, and John Richard Petrocik as members of the Board of 
Trustees of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Juanita Alicia 
Vasquez-Gardner as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. 
Truman Scholarship Foundation.