Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 17 (Monday, April 28, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 17 (Monday, April 28, 2003)]
[Pages 487-488]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 19

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

April 20

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Fort Hood, 
TX, and later returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford.

April 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

April 22

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
former Gov. Jim Edgar of Illinois to discuss Edgar's possible candidacy 
for Senate in 2004.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Peter Eide as 
General Counsel of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced the recess appointment of R. Bruce Matthews 
as a member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Naomi Churchill 
Earp as a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and her 
designation as Vice Chairman.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Neil McPhie as a 
member of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
    The President announced the recess appointment of William A. 
Schambra as a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for 
National and Community Service.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Donna N. Williams 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.
    The President announced the recess appointment of April H. Foley as 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the 
United States.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Stanley C. 
Suboleski as a member of the Federal Mine Health and Safety Review 
Commission.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Lillian R. BeVier 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Thomas A. Fuentes 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation.
    The President announced the recess appointment of James C. Miller 
III as a Governor of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.

April 23

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to 
discuss the situation in Iraq, Turkey's economic reforms, and U.S. aid 
to Turkey.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Jorge Batlle of Uruguay to discuss the situation in Iraq, the 
war against terror, and economic recovery efforts and U.S. trade and 
investment in Uruguay.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President presented the 
Harry Yount National Park Service Ranger of the Year Award to Duncan 
Hollar.

[[Page 488]]

    During the day, the President met with Defense Secretary Donald H. 
Rumsfeld.

April 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Canton, OH, where he met with small-business owners and 
employees at The Timken Co.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Dayton, OH, where upon 
his arrival at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, he greeted Senator 
George V. Voinovich of Ohio. He then traveled to Lima, OH, where he 
toured the Lima Army Tank Plant. Later, the President returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harvey S. Rosen to 
be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rick A. Dearborn 
to be Assistant Secretary of Energy for Congressional and 
Intergovernmental Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Glenn Dale Steil as 
a member of the National Selective Service Appeal Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee: James F. Albaugh, Frank Ianna, 
Richard C. Notebaert, Hector de Jesus Ruiz, Patricia F. Russo, Stratton 
D. Sclavos, Susan Spradley, and John W. Stanton.
    The President announced his intention to designate Kathryn Donaldson 
Baker, W. Ronald Evans, and Joseph Reyes as members of the Board of 
Directors of the National Capital Revitalization Corporation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on April 6-14.

April 25

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Defense 
Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jack L. Goldsmith 
III to be Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Counsel, at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul M. Longsworth 
to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation at the 
National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher A. 
Wray to be Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on March 27.