Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 33 (Monday, August 18, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 33 (Monday, August 18, 2003)]
[Pages 1065-1067]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 9

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President hosted a barbecue for Bush-Cheney 
'04, Inc., fundraisers at a neighboring ranch in Crawford.

August 11

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings aboard Air Force One en route to Tucson, AZ. Upon his arrival 
in Tucson, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Deborah Toland. Later, 
he traveled to Coronado National Forest. En route, he took an aerial 
tour of areas damaged by wildfire near Summerhaven, AZ.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Denver, CO, where he 
greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Phoung Nguyen.

[[Page 1066]]

    In the evening, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 12

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
to represent the United States at the inauguration of President Nicanor 
Duarte Frutos of Paraguay on August 15: Anthony J. Principi (delegation 
leader), John F. Keane, and Robert L. Peeler.

August 13

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings, during which he had a video conference call to discuss the 
capture of Al Qaida terrorist Nurjaman Riduan Isamuddin (known as 
Hambali).
    Later in the morning, the President met with members of his economic 
team.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Duane H. Laible as 
a member of the Arctic Research Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sandra O. Sieber as 
a member of the Committee for Purchase from People Who Are Blind or 
Severely Disabled.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter Field as 
Federal Commissioner and Alternate Federal Commissioner of the 
Apalachicola-Chattahoochie-Flint River (ACF) Basin Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles J. Chaput, 
Khaled Abou El Fadl, and Richard D. Land as members of the U.S. 
Commission on International Religious Freedom.

August 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the Marine Corps Air Station in Miramar, CA.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with U.S. military 
personnel. During lunch, he was informed by White House Deputy Chief of 
Staff Joseph W. Hagin of the power blackout in portions of the 
Northeastern and Midwestern United States and Canada. Later, he received 
updates on the blackout from Deputy Hagin and Deputy National Security 
Adviser Steve Hadley.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in an interview 
with Armed Forces Radio and Television journalists. Later, he had a 
telephone conversation with Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge to 
discuss the blackout. He also received updates on the blackout from 
Deputies Hagin and Hadley and White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to San Diego, CA.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Newport Beach, CA.

August 15

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings. He then had a telephone conversation with Secretary of the 
Treasury John Snow to discuss the status of the stock markets during the 
blackout. Later, he traveled to Thousand Oaks, CA, where he toured the 
Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area and made remarks on the 
National Park System.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Irvine, CA, where he 
had telephone conversations from the Hyatt Regency Irvine with Governors 
George E. Pataki of New York, John G. Rowland of Connecticut, Jennifer 
Granholm of Michigan, and Bob Taft of Ohio and Mayor Michael Bloomberg 
of New York City to discuss the blackouts.
    In the afternoon, the President made remarks at a Bush-Cheney 2004 
luncheon at the Hyatt Regency Irvine. Later, he returned to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a 
telephone conversation with Prime Minister Jean Chretien of Canada to 
discuss the blackout.
    During the day, the President received updates on the blackout from 
Deputies Hagin and Hadley and other officials.

[[Page 1067]]