Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 3 (Monday, January 20, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 3 (Monday, January 20, 2003)]
[Pages 82-84]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 13

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, in his private dining room, the President had 
lunch with Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan to discuss economic 
issues.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark Everson to be 
Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Clay Johnson III 
to be Deputy Director for Management at the Office of Management and 
Budget.

[[Page 83]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Dina Habib Powell 
as Assistant to the President for Presidential Personnel.

January 14

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with President Aleksander 
Kwasniewski of Poland, following their meeting in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Vernon Bernard 
Parker to be Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Civil Rights.
    The President announced his intention to designate John Arthur 
Hammerschmidt as Vice Chairman of the National Transportation Safety 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John Emory Fleming 
as a member of the National Museum of African History and Culture Plan 
for Action Presidential Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson 
International Center for Scholars: Donald Earl Garcia, Bruce Stuart 
Gelb, Tamala Lynne Longaberger, and David Allan Metzner (Vice Chairman).
    The White House announced the President's intention to nominate 
Susan Neely to be Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs at the 
Department of Homeland Security.
    The White House announced the appointment of Gordon Johndroe as 
Press Secretary at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The White House announced the appointment of Rachael Sunbarger as 
Assistant Press Secretary at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The White House announced the appointment of Liz Donnan as Staff 
Assistant in the White House Lower Press Office.

January 15

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, in the Oval Office, he 
met with crew members of Space Shuttle Endeavour Mission STS-113 and 
International Space Station Expeditions 1, 4, and 5. He then led the 
astronauts on a tour of the White House grounds.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to Camp David, MD, on January 
31 for a meeting and an informal working dinner.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dee Ann McWilliams 
to be Assistant Secretary for Public and Intergovernmental Affairs at 
the Department of Veterans Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ricardo H. 
Hinojosa and Michael E. Horowitz to be members of the U.S. Sentencing 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Eric Steven Lander 
as a member of the National Cancer Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James Philip Hoffa 
and Paul Norman Beckner as members of the Advisory Committee for Trade 
Policy and Negotiations.

January 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Scranton, PA, where he participated in a roundtable 
discussion on medical liability reform at Mercy Hospital. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.

January 17

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ismail Omar Guelleh of Djibouti to the White House on January 21 to 
discuss cooperation against terrorism, regional issues including 
humanitarian development efforts, and combating HIV/AIDS.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Lucio Gutierrez of Ecuador to the White House on February 11.
    The White House announced an upcoming visit by President Gloria 
Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines to Washington, DC, to discuss 
cooperation against terrorism and

[[Page 84]]

U.S. support for economic reform in the Philippines.