Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 7 (Monday, February 17, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 7 (Monday, February 17, 2003)]
[Pages 208-209]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 8

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

February 9

    In the morning, the President traveled to White Sulphur Springs, WV, 
and in the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.

February 10

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Anders Fogh 
Rasmussen of Denmark to thank him for his support for efforts to disarm 
the Iraqi regime.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Nashville, TN, 
where, upon arrival, he met with volunteer Sherry Jean Williams. Later, 
at the Opryland Hotel, he participated in a roundtable discussion on his 
Faith-Based Initiative with participants of the Campus for Human 
Development program.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Reno L. Harnish to 
be Ambassador to Azerbaijan.

February 11

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines to discuss 
President Arroyo's April 2 state visit, cooperation against terror, the 
situation in Iraq, and proposed legislation in the Philippines to combat 
money-laundering. He also had

[[Page 209]]

separate telephone conversations with President Jose Eduardo dos Santos 
of Angola to discuss the situation in Iraq, and Prime Minister Tony 
Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss the situation in Iraq and 
military support for Turkey as a member of NATO.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Senate Republicans to 
discuss economic initiatives. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with 
President Lucio Gutierrez Borbua of Ecuador to discuss support for 
democracy in Ecuador, counternarcotics efforts, and trade.
    During the day, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President received 
the annual reports of the Boy Scouts of America.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the White House Commission on Presidential 
Scholars: Fernando Augusto Mateo, Charlotte Mohr, Robert Dolph Ray, and 
Renee Russell.

February 12

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with Speaker 
of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, House Majority Leader 
Tom DeLay, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader 
Bill Frist, and Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle to discuss the war on 
terrorism, the situation in Iraq, and proposed fiscal year 2003 budget 
legislation. He then had intelligence and FBI briefings and met with the 
National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Alexandria, VA, where he 
participated in a roundtable discussion with small investors at the 
Charles Schwab Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Shannon Davis 
Henderson as Acting Assistant Secretary of Energy for Congressional and 
Intergovernmental Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Joint Public Advisory Committee of the 
Commission for Environmental Cooperation: Patricia Clarey, Dinkerrai 
Desai, Arturo Duran, Jane Gardner, and Patricia McDonald.

February 13

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to Jacksonsville, FL, where, upon arrival, he met 
with Senior Chief Arden Battle, USN, who is active in local volunteer 
efforts.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with troops aboard the 
U.S.S. Philippine Sea at Naval Station Mayport. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will be joined by 
President Vaira Vike-Freiberga of Latvia in participating in the White 
House Forum on American History, Civics and Service on February 17.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Paul Kagame of Rwanda to the White House on March 4.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Heather M. Hodges 
to be Ambassador to Moldova.

February 14

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Siim Kallas of Estonia to discuss the situation in Iraq. 
He also had a telephone conversation with President Pervez Musharraf of 
Pakistan to discuss the war on terror and the situations in South Asia 
and Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and then met with the National Security Council. Then, in the 
Oval Office, he met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Yasar Yakis and 
Minister of State Ali Babacan of Turkey.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.