Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 36 (Monday, September 8, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 36 (Monday, September 8, 2003)]
[Pages 1151-1152]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted September 2

 David L. Lyon,

 of California, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, to serve 
concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador 
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the 
Republic of Kiribati.
 Submitted September 3

 Paul S. Atkins,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
for a term expiring June 5, 2008 (reappointment).

 Bradley D. Belt,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Social Security 
Advisory Board for a term expiring September 30, 2008, vice Stanford G. 
Ross, term expired.

 Karan K. Bhatia,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, vice Read 
Van de Water.

 William A. Chatfield,

 of Texas, to be Director of Selective Service, vice Alfred Rascon, 
resigned.

 Gordon England,

 of Texas, to be Secretary of the Navy (reappointment).

 William J. Hudson,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Tunisia.

 Michael O. Leavitt,

 of Utah, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 
vice Christine Todd Whitman, resigned.

 James McBride,

 of New York, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a 
term expiring September 3, 2008, vice Nathan Leventhal, term expired.

[[Page 1152]]

 Hector E. Morales,

 of Texas, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the 
Inter-American Development Bank, vice Jorge L. Arrizurieta, resigned.

 Michael W. Wynne,

 of Florida, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, 
Technology, and Logistics, vice Edward C. Aldridge, resigned.

 Jennifer Young,

 of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
vice Scott Whitaker.
 Withdrawn September 4

 Miguel A. Estrada,

 of Virginia, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia 
Circuit, vice Patricia M. Wald, which was sent to the Senate on January 
7, 2003.

 Kerry N. Weems,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
vice Janet Hale, resigned, which was sent to the Senate on July 22, 
2003.