Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 26 (Monday, June 30, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 26 (Monday, June 30, 2003)]
[Pages 817-818]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Joint Statement by President George W. Bush and European Council 
President Konstandinos Simitis and European Commission President Romano 
Prodi on Hydrogen Cooperation

June 25, 2003

    We affirm our commitment, on behalf of the United States and the 
European Union, to collaborate on accelerating the development of the 
hydrogen economy as part of our broadening cooperation on energy. We aim 
to enhance the security of energy supply, increase diversity of energy 
sources, and improve local and global environmental quality. Our 
cooperation will lay the technical, legal, and commercial basis needed 
to accelerate the commercial penetration and trade of emissions-free 
hydrogen technology worldwide, in cars, buildings and power generation, 
to secure to our citizens and our posterity the abundant, secure, and 
clean energy

[[Page 818]]

required to sustain growth, ensure security, and protect the 
environment.
    In this context we see the potential of the hydrogen economy in 
establishing a secure energy supply through clean and environmentally 
sound systems. We will seek to build on complementarities in our 
research efforts in exploring actively all technology options, including 
a major focus on renewable energy sources, for boosting the development 
of hydrogen energy.
    We agree to:
 <bullet>    further the goals of sustained economic growth;
 <bullet>    strengthen our cooperation to work for universally 
            compatible codes, standards, and regulations;
 <bullet>    strengthen our cooperation on research and development; and
 <bullet>    work together to foster public-private collaboration.
    This effort will enable us to leverage resources; bring to bear the 
expertise of the public and private sector to solve the complex 
challenges surrounding the hydrogen economy; establish sound, 
universally compatible codes, standards, and regulations for hydrogen 
fuel utilization; and provide a strong and broad foundation for the 
International Partnership for the Hydrogen Economy and other 
partnerships in support of the hydrogen economy.

Note: An original was not available for verification of the content of 
this joint statement.