Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 42 (Monday, October 20, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 42 (Monday, October 20, 2003)]
[Pages 1408-1409]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency With 
Respect to Significant Narcotics Traffickers Centered in Colombia

October 16, 2003

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1622(d) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. Consistent with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice, stating that the emergency declared with respect to 
significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia is to continue in 
effect beyond October 21, 2003, to the Federal Register for publication. 
The most recent notice continuing this emergency was published in the 
Federal Register on October 18, 2002.
    The circumstances that led to the declaration on October 21, 1995, 
of a national emergency have not been resolved. The actions of 
significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia continue to pose 
an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign 
policy, and economy of the United States and to cause unparalleled 
violence, corruption, and harm in the United States and abroad. For 
these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to maintain 
economic pressure on significant narcotics traffickers centered in 
Colombia by blocking their property or interests in property that are in 
the United States or within the possession or control of United States 
persons and by depriving them of access to the United States market and 
financial system.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 October 16, 2003.

[[Page 1409]]

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
October 17.