Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 28 (Monday, July 14, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 28 (Monday, July 14, 2003)]
[Pages 905-906]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 6

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush attended church services 
at St. John's Church in Lafayette Square.

July 7

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to Landover, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Dakar, 
Senegal, arriving the next morning.

July 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Presidential Palace, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a welcoming 
ceremony with President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal and his wife, Viviane. 
Later, the two Presidents met with leaders of West African democracies, 
including President Mathieu Kerekou of Benin, President Pedro Pires of 
Cape Verde, President Yahya Jammeh of The Gambia, President John Agyekum 
Kufuor of Ghana, President Amadou Toumani Toure of Mali, President 
Mamadou Tandja of Niger, and President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah of Sierra 
Leone.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush, with President 
Wade and Mrs. Wade, traveled to Goree Island, where they toured the 
House of Slaves.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Pretoria, 
South Africa.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Casey Kenny 
to be Ambassador to Ireland.

July 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at Union House, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a welcoming ceremony 
with President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa and his wife, Zanele Dlamini.
    In the afternoon, at the Presidential Guest House, the President and 
Mrs. Bush attended a luncheon hosted by President Mbeki and Mrs. Mbeki. 
Later, the President toured a Ford Motor Co. automobile assembly plant 
in Mamelodi, Pretoria, and participated in a roundtable discussion on 
AIDS prevention with Ford employees.
    In the evening, at the U.S. Ambassador's residence, the President 
and Mrs. Bush attended a dinner with South African and U.S. business 
executives hosted by Ambassador Cameron R. Hume and his wife, Rigmor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan C. Schwab to 
be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth Leet to be 
Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance.

July 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Sheraton Pretoria Hotel, he met with U.S. Embassy employees and 
their families.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Gaborone, Botswana, where they participated in an arrival ceremony with 
President Festus Gontebanye Mogae of Botswana at Sir Seretse Khama 
International Airport. Later, at the Gaborone International Convention 
Centre, the President and Mrs. Bush, with President Mogae and his wife, 
Barbara, viewed Southern African Global Competitiveness Hub exhibits on 
trade between southern Africa and the U.S. and met with Botswanan 
businesspeople, including women business entrepreneurs.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush toured the Mokolodi 
Nature Reserve.
    Later in the afternoon, the President greeted U.S. Embassy employees 
and their families at Sir Seretse Khama International Airport. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Pretoria, South Africa.

[[Page 906]]

    The White House announced that the President will meet with United 
Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan at the White House on July 14.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Karan K. Bhatia to 
be Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Aviation and International 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cynthia R. Church 
to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Public and 
Intergovernmental Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Domingo S. Herraiz 
to be Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Leslie Silverman 
to be a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mauricio J. 
Tamargo to be Chairman of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission of 
the United States.
    The President announced his intention to designate Marianne Lamont 
Horinko as Acting Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to designate Stephen L. 
Johnson as Acting Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency.

July 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Entebbe, Uganda.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in an 
arrival ceremony with President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni of Uganda at 
Entebbe International Airport. Later, at the Imperial Botanical Beach 
Hotel, the President met with U.S. Embassy employees and their families.
    Later in afternoon, at The AIDS Support Organisation (TASO) Centre, 
the President and Mrs. Bush, with President Museveni and his wife, 
Janet, toured facilities and listened to a performance of the Watoto 
Children's Choir.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Abuja, 
Nigeria.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to the White House for a 
meeting and dinner on July 17.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Eisner to be 
Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation for National and Community 
Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Constance A. 
Morella to be Representative of the U.S. to the Organization for 
Economic Cooperation and Development, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on July 4 and 
continuing.