Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 4 (Monday, January 27, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 4 (Monday, January 27, 2003)]
[Pages 104-105]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 18

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

January 19

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

January 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Landover, MD, where they participated in a 
roundtable discussion with congregation members and community leaders at 
the First Baptist Church of Glenarden. Later, they returned to 
Washington, DC.

January 21

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President dropped by a birthday luncheon for 
opera singer Placido Domingo hosted by Mrs. Bush in the East Room at the 
White House.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Ismail Omar Guelleh of Djibouti to discuss bilateral issues 
and cooperation against terrorism.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Schwartz 
to be Member at Large and Chairman of the Railroad Retirement Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lawrence Mohr, 
Jr., and Sharon Falkenheimer to be members of the Board of Regents of 
the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are 
Blind or Severely Disabled: William Mea; Boyd Kevin Rutherford; John 
Surina; Joanne M. Wilson; Rear Adm. Justin D. McCarthy, USN; Andrew D. 
Houghton; and James Omvig.

January 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to St. Louis, MO, where he participated in a roundtable 
discussion on the national economy at the JS Logistics company.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced the appointment of Gregory L. Schulte as 
Executive Secretary of the National Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Paul Woodley, 
Jr., to be Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works.

[[Page 105]]

January 23

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
also had a telephone conversation with President Vladimir Putin of 
Russia to discuss the situations in Iraq and North Korea.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with members of the U.S.-
Afghan Women's Council to discuss humanitarian issues in Afghanistan.
    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President met with White 
House speechwriters to discuss his January 28 State of the Union 
Address.

January 24

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with U.S. 
Conference of Mayors winter meeting participants.
    In the afternoon, the President continued preparations for his 
January 28 State of the Union Address.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Leszek Miller of Poland to Washington, DC, on February 5 to discuss 
commercial and trade relations between Poland and the U.S.