Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 19 (Monday, May 12, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 19 (Monday, May 12, 2003)]
[Pages 572-574]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 3

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing. Later, he met with Prime Minister John Howard 
of Australia.

May 5

    In the morning, the President traveled to Little Rock, AR. While en 
route aboard Air

[[Page 573]]

Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. He also had a telephone 
conversation with President Ahmet Necdet Sezer of Turkey to extend his 
condolences for victims of the recent earthquake in Turkey's Bingol 
Province.
    Later in the morning, in the Robinson Center, the President 
participated in a roundtable discussion with small-business owners and 
employees.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he met with NATO Secretary General Lord Robertson to discuss NATO's role 
in Afghanistan and the future of NATO.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to the White House on May 7 for a meeting and 
working dinner.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Amir Hamad 
bin Khalifa Al Thani of Qatar to the White House on May 8.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ronald J. James as 
Chief Human Capital Officer at the Department of Homeland Security.

May 6

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Goh Chok 
Tong of Singapore in the Oval Office.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark to Washington, DC, on May 8.
    The President announced his appointment of L. Paul Bremer III as 
Presidential Envoy to Iraq.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 4 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 4 and 
continuing.

May 7

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Speaker of the 
House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, House Majority Leader Tom 
DeLay, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader Bill 
Frist, and Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle to discuss domestic and 
foreign policy. He then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to discuss the situation in Iraq and 
peace efforts in the Middle East.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with President Aznar in the 
Old Family Dining Room.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James G. Roche to 
be Secretary of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Colin R. McMillan 
to be Secretary of the Navy.

May 8

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Prime 
Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark in the President's private 
dining room. The two then met in the Oval Office to discuss the war on 
terror, the situation in Iraq, European-U.S. relations, and peace 
efforts in the Middle East.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Amir Hamad bin 
Khalifa Al Thani of Qatar, following their meeting in the Oval Office.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met 
with the Foreign Ministers of Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, 
Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia to discuss the recent extension of NATO 
membership to these countries.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines to the White House for a 
state visit on May 19.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX, on May 22-23.

[[Page 574]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Information Technology 
Advisory Committee: Marc Benioff (Co-Chair); Edward D. Lazowska (Co-
Chair); Ruzena Bajcsy; J. Carter Beese, Jr.; Pedro Celis; Bernard 
Daines; Patricia Evans; Manuel Fernandez; Luis Fiallo; Jose Marie 
Griffiths; William J. Hannigan; Jonathan C. Javitt; Judith L. Klavans; 
F. Thomson Leighton; Harold Mortazavian; Randy D. Mott; Peter M. 
Neupert; Eli M. Noam; David A. Patterson; Alice G. Quintanilla; Daniel 
A. Reed; Eugene H. Spafford; David H. Staelin; Peter S. Tippett, and 
Geoffrey Yang.
    The President declared a major disaster in Tennessee and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 4 and 
continuing.

 May 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Columbia, SC. Later, he 
traveled to Santa Fe, NM, where and Mrs. Bush, who joined him in Santa 
Fe, stayed at the home of family friend Roland Betts.
    The White House announced that the President has invited Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to visit him in Washington, DC, on May 
20.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ronald G. Bellamy 
and Carlos M. de Cespedes as members of the President's Commission on 
White House Fellowships.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation: 
Julia A. King (historic preservation expert), Timothy Pawlenty 
(Governor), and Ann A. Pritzlaff (historic preservation expert).
    The President announced his intention to appoint James E. Geringer 
as U.S. Representative to the Western Interstate Nuclear Board.