Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 45 (Monday, November 10, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 45 (Monday, November 10, 2003)]
[Pages 1560-1562]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1561]]



The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 1

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Southaven, MS, and 
then to Paducah, KY.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to London, KY, and later to 
Gulfport, MS.
    In the evening, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

November 3

    In the morning, the President traveled to Birmingham, AL. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. Upon 
arrival in Birmingham, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jason 
Nabors. Later, he met with small-business owners at CraneWorks.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Francis Joseph 
Harvey to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Networks and Information 
Integration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Douglas 
Buttrey and Francis Patrick Mulvey to be members of the Surface 
Transportation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gordon Hall 
Mansfield to be Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Hossein 
Safavian to be Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy at the 
Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Laurie Susan 
Fulton to be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of 
Peace.

November 4

    In the morning, the President traveled to Miramar, CA. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. Upon 
arrival at Marine Corps Air Station, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Suellen Mayberry.
    Later in the morning, the President, joined by Governor Gray Davis 
and Governor-elect Arnold Schwarzenegger of California, California 
Department of Forestry Division Chief Bill Clayton, and Under Secretary 
for Emergency Preparedness and Response Mike Brown, took an aerial tour 
of the San Diego area affected by wildfires. Later, he participated in a 
walking tour of the Harbison Canyon community damaged by wildfires. He 
then traveled to El Cajon, CA, where, at Gillespie Field, he 
participated in a briefing by area fire chiefs on the wildfires.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Governors-elect Haley Barbour of Mississippi and Ernie Fletcher of 
Kentucky to congratulate them on their electoral victories earlier in 
the day.

November 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Joseph Kabila of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Later, 
also in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe 
of Sri Lanka to discuss peace efforts in Sri Lanka and free trade.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Polish philosopher and 
writer Leszek Kolakowski to congratulate him on winning the John W. 
Kluge Prize in Human Sciences.

November 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Secretary of State Colin L. 
Powell.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kiron Kanina 
Skinner to be a member of the National Security Education Board.

November 7

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Carlos Diego Mesa Gisbert of Bolivia to discuss

[[Page 1562]]

democracy in Bolivia, President Mesa's plans for a national referendum 
on Bolivian natural gas resources, and cooperation in counternarcotics 
efforts; President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to discuss the situation in 
Iraq and transatlantic relations; and President Aleksander Kwasniewski 
of Poland to express his condolences concerning the death of a Polish 
officer in Iraq on November 6 and to discuss other issues.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, he traveled to Winston-Salem, NC, where, upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Brian Koontz.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Morrison 
Combs to be Assistant Secretary of Transportation and, upon 
confirmation, to designate her as Chief Financial Officer.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven J. Law to 
be Deputy Secretary of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Robinson West 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
    The President declared a major disaster in Washington and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on October 15-23.