Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 16 (Monday, April 21, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 16 (Monday, April 21, 2003)]
[Pages 452-454]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 453]]



April 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing at Camp 
David, MD. Later, he had a videoconference meeting with his war council.

April 13

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will postpone his state 
visit to Ottawa, Canada, which was scheduled for May 5.

April 14

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Defense 
Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain, Crown Prince 
Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, and President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to 
discuss the situation in Iraq and peace efforts in the Middle East.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome Prime Minister John Howard of Australia and his wife, Janette, 
to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, on May 2-3.

April 15

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he had separate meetings 
with Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin 
L. Powell.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jacques Chirac of France to discuss the situations in Iraq and 
Syria, peace efforts in the Middle East, and the G-8 summit to be held 
June 1-3 in France.

April 16

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to discuss reconstruction 
efforts in Iraq and the situation in North Korea. Later, he had 
intelligence and FBI briefings and met with the National Security 
Council. He then met with Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO, where 
he toured the Boeing Integrated Defense Systems headquarters.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles D. 
Snelling to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan 
Washington Airports Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harry K. Thomas, 
Jr., to be Ambassador to Bangladesh.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William B. Wood to 
be Ambassador to Colombia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert W. Fitts to 
be Ambassador to Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, and Vanuatu.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tracey A. Jacobson 
to be Ambassador to Turkmenistan.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Daniel W. 
Sutherland as Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties at the 
Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of 
American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development: John R. 
Grimes, Georgianna E. Ignace, Lisa G. Nason, and Henry Townsend.

April 17

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch, the President had a telephone 
conversation with President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to discuss the 
situation in Iraq and peace efforts in the Middle East. Later, he had 
intelligence and national security briefings.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan C. Schwab to 
be First Vice President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Hattie Daniels-Rush 
as a member of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.

[[Page 454]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael Sade as a 
member of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or 
Severely Disabled.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and 
Negotiations: Charles E. Kruse, Steven J. McCormick, Kevin B. Rollins, 
and Robert L. Wright.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Stuart F. Bruny, 
Kenneth S. Komoroski, and Donald S. Welsh as Commissioners of the Ohio 
River Valley Water Sanitation Commission.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on Mental 
Retardation: Nancy Blanchard, Mary C. Bruene, Zoraida Fonalledas, Brenda 
Leath, Alvaro Marin, Kim Porter-Hoppe, Michael Rogers, Windy Smith, and 
Gene Stallings, Jr.

April 18

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rebecca O. 
Campoverde and James Roberts as members of the White House Commission on 
the National Moment of Remembrance.