Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 13 (Monday, March 31, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 13 (Monday, March 31, 2003)]
[Pages 393-394]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 22

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing and met with his war council.

March 23

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

March 24

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss military 
action against Iraq. Later, he had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss military action against 
Iraq, cooperation on humanitarian issues, Russia-U.S. relations, and 
U.S. concerns about Russian business transactions with Iraq. He then had 
a telephone conversation with President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with 
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff in the White House Residence. Later, in the Oval Office, he met 
with Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and Treasury 
Secretary John W. Snow.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with the National Economic 
Council to discuss the state of the U.S. economy. Also, in the Cabinet 
Room, he met with bipartisan congressional leaders to discuss 
supplemental appropriations for military action against Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Brian Griffin as 
U.S. Representative to the Southern States Energy Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert L. Ehrlich, 
Jr., and Martha H. Marsh as members of the National Infrastructure 
Advisory Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Service and Civic 
Participation: Emily Z. Baldridge, Amber Coffman, Michelle Nunn, Rebecca 
W. Rimel, and Juliann Thomas.

March 25

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Pentagon in 
Arlington, VA, where he had a briefing with Defense Secretary Donald 
Rumsfeld and senior Pentagon officials. Later, he returned to the White 
House.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to Camp David, MD, on March 
26-27 to discuss military action, humanitarian relief, reconstruction, 
and efforts to build democracy in Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John F. Maisto to 
be Permanent U.S. Representative to the Organization of American States, 
with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marsha E. Barnes 
to be Ambassador to Suriname.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gary R. Mitchell as 
Federal member of the Kansas-Nebraska Big Blue River Compact 
Administration (Kansas and Nebraska).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee on the Arts of the John 
F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Joan D. Austin, Kristen A. 
Avansino, Kathryn Burke, Robert J. Dellenback, Mary Galvin, Janet H. 
Geary, Arthur J. Hackney, Diana Kelley, Arthur K. Langlie, James V. 
Nepola, Sandy Peltyn, and Evelyn J. Wiginton.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council: Debra L. 
Cohen, Solomon M. Devinki, Donald Etra, David M. Flaum, Eric F. Ross, 
Rochard Sambol, and Merryl H. Tisch.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gary J. Lavine, 
Rachmiel Liberman, and Harriet Rotter as members of the Commission for 
the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad.

[[Page 394]]

March 26

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, FL, where, at the U.S. Central Command 
Joint Intelligence Center, the President had briefings about military 
action against Iraq and the war against terror.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with U.S. 
military personnel at MacDill Air Force Base.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD. In the evening, the President had dinner with Prime Minister 
Tony Blair of the United Kingdom and National Security Adviser 
Condoleezza Rice.

March 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President met with Prime Minister Tony Blair of 
the United Kingdom and Secretary of State Colin Powell to discuss 
military action against Iraq, humanitarian relief and reconstruction 
efforts in Iraq, and the role of the United Nations in Iraq. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles W. Grim to 
be Director of the Indian Health Service, Public Health Service.
    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by a severe winter storm, record/near record snowfall, heavy 
rain, flooding, and mudslides on February 15-28.
    The President declared an emergency in New York and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on February 17-18.
    The President declared an emergency in Rhode Island and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record/near record snow on February 17-18.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by an ice storm on February 27-28.

March 28

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. He also had a telephone conversation with 
President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to discuss events in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.