Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 40 (Monday, October 6, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 40 (Monday, October 6, 2003)]
[Pages 1319-1320]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 27

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that on September 26 the President 
declared a major disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered Federal aid to 
supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
Tropical Storms Henri and Isabel and related severe storms and flooding 
on September 15-23.

September 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, the 
President met with congregational rabbis.

September 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Chicago, IL.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cincinnati, OH, where, 
in the evening, he attended a Bush-Cheney '04 reception at a private 
residence.
    Later in the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Alvaro Uribe of Colombia.
    In the afternoon, the President had a briefing at the Department of 
Homeland Security.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with members of the International 
Space Station Expedition 6 crew and NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Kramer to be 
Ambassador to Barbados and to serve concurrently and without additional 
compensation as Ambassador to St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, Antigua 
and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles A. Calhoun 
as Commissioner of the Pecos River Commission for New Mexico and Texas.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Maria Pilar 
Aristigueta as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher 
Columbus Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Commission on Libraries and 
Information Science: Jose Antonio Aponte, Sandra Frances Ashworth, 
Edward Louis Bertorelli, Carol L. Diehl, Allison Druin, Beth 
Fitzsimmons, Patricia M. Hines, Colleen Ellen Huebner, Stephen M. 
Kennedy, Herman Lavon Totten, Bridget L. Lamont, and Mary H. Perdue.

October 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward Baxter 
O'Donnell for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as 
Special Envoy for Holocaust Issues.
    The President announced his intention to designate Rita E. Hauser as 
a member of the Intelligence Oversight Board, a standing committee of 
the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board.

October 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Milwaukee, WI.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 1320]]

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the National 
Book Festival Gala at the Library of Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James B. Comey to 
be Deputy Attorney General.