Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 20 (Monday, May 19, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 20 (Monday, May 19, 2003)]
[Pages 616-618]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 10

    In the morning, at the home of family friend Roland Betts in Santa 
Fe, NM, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on May 8 and continuing.

May 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Albuquerque, NM, where he met with small-business owners 
and employees at MCT Industries.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
major league baseball player Rafael Palmeiro to congratulate him on 
hitting his 500th home run. Later, he traveled to Omaha, NE, where, at 
Airlite Plastics, he participated in a roundtable meeting with married 
couples to discuss proposed tax cuts.
    Later in the afternoon, the President was informed by White House 
Deputy Chief of Staff Joseph W. Hagin of the terrorist attacks which 
occurred earlier in the day in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Indianapolis, IN. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with 
National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice to discuss the terrorist 
attacks in Saudi Arabia. At the Westin Hotel in Indianapolis, he met 
with Indiana Republican Party members.
    Later in the evening, the President had a briefing with Deputy Chief 
of Staff Hagin and then another telephone conversation with National 
Security Adviser Rice to discuss the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia.

[[Page 617]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Greta N. Morris to 
be Ambassador to the Marshall Islands.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Susan F. Sugai as a 
member of the Arctic Research Commission (academic representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Valles Caldera 
Trust: Tracy Hephner (management of game and nongame wildlife), Larry 
Icerman (financial management), and Barbara H. Johnson (nonprofit 
conservation organization).
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas 
struck by an ice storm on April 3-5.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 5 and 
continuing.

May 13

    In the morning, the President had telephone conversations with 
National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice and White House Chief of 
Staff Andrew Card concerning the May 12 terrorist attacks in Saudi 
Arabia. He then had an intelligence briefing. Later, at the Indiana 
State Fairgrounds, he met with senior citizens to discuss his jobs-and-
growth package.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Springfield, MO. He then 
took a helicopter tour of the Pierce City, MO, area damaged by recent 
tornadoes. Later, after landing in Pierce City, he had briefings on the 
tornado damage by FEMA Director Michael D. Brown and other officials, 
met with tornado victims and rescuers at St. Mary's Catholic Church, and 
took a walking tour of the damaged area.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, he 
had a telephone conversation with Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia 
to discuss the May 12 terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate C. Suzanne Mencer 
to be Director of the Office of Domestic Preparedness, Department of 
Homeland Security.

May 14

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa of Bahrain to discuss the situation in Iraq and 
reform efforts in Bahrain. Later, he had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to discuss the May 12 
terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, the war on terror, the situations in 
Cyprus and Iraq, and peace efforts in the Middle East.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the National Security Council. He also met with 
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with President Roh Moo-hyun 
of South Korea.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe winter cold and frost on December 17, 2002, and continuing.

May 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had a briefing with Senior Advisor to 
the President Karl Rove and others on preparations for his 2004 
Presidential campaign.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Rafael Hipolito Mejia Dominguez of the Dominican Republic to the White 
House for a meeting on May 20.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kristin J. Forbes 
to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 6-11.

May 16

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the situation in Iraq

[[Page 618]]

and the recent terrorist attacks in Chechnya and Saudi Arabia. He then 
had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik of Norway to discuss the situation 
in Iraq and the peace process in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with U.S. military personnel, 
some of whom were injured in military operations in Afghanistan and 
Iraq, and their spouses.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.