Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 39 (Monday, September 29, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 39 (Monday, September 29, 2003)]
[Pages 1268-1270]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 20

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in the District of Columbia 
and ordered Federal aid to supplement the District's recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Hurricane Isabel on September 18 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Delaware and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Isabel on September 18 and continuing.

September 21

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

September 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Special Presidential Envoy for Afghanistan Zalmay Khalilzad. 
He then met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Li Zhaoxing of China to 
discuss the situation in North Korea.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Labor Secretary Elaine 
L. Chao, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Mel R. Martinez, Deputy 
Education Secretary Eugene Hickok, Deputy Veterans Affairs

[[Page 1269]]

Secretary Leo S. Mackay, Jr., Assistant Attorney General Daniel J. 
Bryant, Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services Claude A. Allen, 
USA Freedom Corps Director John Bridgeland, and Director of the Office 
of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives Harry James ``Jim'' Towey to 
discuss his Faith-Based Initiative.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Richmond, VA, where he 
toured the Temporary Virginia Emergency Operations Center at the 
Virginia State Police Academy. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Zalmay Khalilzad 
to be Ambassador to Afghanistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raymond Simon to 
be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cynthia Boich, 
Dorothy A. Johnson, and Henry Lozano to be members of the Board of 
Directors of the Corporation for National and Community Service.

September 23

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to New York 
City. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, at the United Nations Headquarters, the 
President met with U.N. General Assembly President Julian Hunte.
    In the afternoon, at the United States Mission to the U.N., the 
President met with President Jacques Chirac of France. Later, at the 
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, he met separately with President Megawati 
Sukarnoputri of Indonesia, King Mohamed VI of Morocco, and President 
Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Carlo Azeglio Ciampi of Italy for a meeting and working luncheon on 
November 14.

September 24

    In the morning, at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, the President had an 
intelligence briefing. Later, he had a breakfast meeting with Caribbean 
leaders, including Prime Minister Perry Christie of the Bahamas, Prime 
Minister Keith Mitchell of Grenada, President Bharrat Jagdeo of Guyana, 
and Prime Minister Kenny Davis Anthony of Saint Lucia.
    Later in the morning, the President had separate meetings with 
President John Agyekum Kufuor of Ghana, President Pervez Musharraf of 
Pakistan, President Joaquim Alberto Chissano of Mozambique, and Prime 
Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President declared an emergency in Michigan and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area impacted 
by that power outage that occurred August 14-17.
    The President declared an emergency in New Jersey and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area 
impacted by the power outage that occurred on August 14-17.
    The President declared an emergency in Ohio and ordered Federal aid 
to supplemental State and local response efforts in the area impacted by 
the power outage that occurred on August 14-17.
    The President declared a major disaster in Delaware and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Henri on September 15.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Isabel on September 18 and continuing.

September 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The White House announced that the President will make a state visit 
to the United Kingdom on November 18-21.

September 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met separately with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld and 
Ambassador L. Paul Bremer III, Presidential Envoy to Iraq.

[[Page 1270]]

    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Nicanor Duarte Frutos of Paraguay.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD, where they hosted President Vladimir Putin of Russia and Mrs. 
Putin for an overnight visit.