Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 15 (Monday, April 14, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 15 (Monday, April 14, 2003)]
[Pages 430-431]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing at Camp 
David, MD.

April 6

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Hillsborough, Northern Ireland.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with Prime Minister Tony 
Blair of the United Kingdom at Hillsborough Castle.

April 8

    In the afternoon, at Hillsborough Castle, the President had lunch 
with Prime Minister Blair and Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland. 
The three leaders then met with Northern Ireland leaders to discuss the 
peace process in Northern Ireland.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 9

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Speaker of the 
House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, House Majority Leader Tom 
DeLay, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader Bill 
Frist, and Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle. Later, he had 
intelligence and FBI briefings and met in the Situation Room with the 
National Security Council. Then, in the Oval Office, he met with Defense 
Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Rudolf Schuster of Slovakia to discuss the war on terror and 
the situation in Iraq.
    During the morning, in the Oval Office, the President watched 
television coverage of events in Iraq.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to the White House on May 14.
    The President announced his intention to nominate April H. Foley to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the 
United States.

April 10

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he had separate meetings 
with Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin 
L. Powell.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland and Prime 
Minister John Howard of Australia to discuss military operations in 
Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with President Francisco 
Flores Perez of El Salvador, President Alfonso Portillo Cabrera of 
Guatemala, President Ricardo Maduro of Honduras, President Enrique 
Bolanos of Nicaragua, and President Abel Pacheco of Costa Rica to 
discuss negotiations for a Central American free trade agreement.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with members of the 
Business Roundtable to discuss his jobs-and-growth package.
    The President announced his intention to nominate A. Paul Anderson 
to be a Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Hall to be a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David W. Fleming, 
Jay P. Greene, and John R. Petrocik to be members of the Board of 
Trustees of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Eric I. Cantor, 
Robert C. Scott, and James H. Wilkinson III as members of the

[[Page 431]]

Board of Trustees of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Vernon B. Sauer to 
be U.S. Representative of the Sabine River Compact Administration.
    The President declared an emergency in Colorado and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on March 17-20.

April 11

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines to discuss the 
situation in Iraq, military operations against terrorists in the 
Philippines, and her upcoming state visit. He then had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss 
the situation in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the National Security Council. He also met with 
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Walter Reed 
Army Medical Center. Later, they traveled to the National Naval Medical 
Center in Bethesda, MD. At both medical centers, they visited U.S. 
military personnel injured in operations in Afghanistan and Iraq, and 
the President presented Purple Heart medals to some of them.
    The President and Mrs. Bush then traveled to Camp David, MD.