Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 37 (Monday, September 15, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 37 (Monday, September 15, 2003)]
[Pages 1187-1188]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Presidential Determination With Respect to Foreign Governments' Efforts 
Regarding Trafficking in Persons

September 9, 2003

 Presidential Determination No. 2003-35

Memorandum for the Secretary of State

Subject: Presidential Determination with Respect to Foreign Governments' 
Efforts Regarding Trafficking in Persons

    Consistent with section 110 of the Trafficking Victims Protection 
Act of 2000 (Division A of Public Law 106-386) (the ``Act''), I hereby:
    Make the determination provided in section 110(d)(1)(A)(ii) of the 
Act, with respect to Burma, Cuba, Liberia, North Korea, and Sudan, not 
to provide certain funding for those countries' governments for fiscal 
year 2004, until such a government complies with the minimum standards 
or makes significant efforts to bring itself into compliance, as may

[[Page 1188]]

be determined by the Secretary of State in a report to the Congress 
pursuant to section 110(b) of the Act;
    Make the determination provided in section 110(d)(3) of the Act, 
concerning the determinations of the Secretary of State with respect to 
Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Dominican Republic, Georgia, Greece, 
Haiti, Kazakhstan, Suriname, Turkey, and Uzbekistan;
    Determine, consistent with section 110(d)(4) of the Act, with 
respect to Liberia, that provision to Liberia of the multilateral 
assistance described in section 110(d)(1)(B) of the Act would promote 
the purposes of the Act or is otherwise in the national interest of the 
United States; and
    Determine, consistent with section 110(d)(4) of the Act, with 
respect to Sudan for all programs, projects, or activities of assistance 
as may be necessary to implement a peace accord, that provision to Sudan 
of the multilateral assistance described in section 110(d)(1)(B) of the 
Act for such programs, projects, or activities would promote the 
purposes of the Act or is otherwise in the national interest of the 
United States.
    The certification required by section 110(e) of the Act is provided 
herewith.
    You are hereby authorized and directed to submit this determination 
to the Congress, and to publish it in the Federal Register.

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., September 
12, 2003]

Note: This memorandum was released by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on September 10, and it was published in the Federal Register on 
September 15.