Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 7 (Monday, February 17, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 7 (Monday, February 17, 2003)]
[Pages 209-211]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 210]]


 Submitted February 11

 Lino Gutierrez,

 of Florida, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to Argentina.

 Reno L. Harnish,

 of California, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Azerbaijan.

 Jeffrey Lunstead,

 of the District of Columbia, a career member of the Senior Foreign 
Service, class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Democratic 
Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without 
additional compensation as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Maldives.

 Jeffrey Shane,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary of Transportation 
for Policy (new position).

 John W. Snow,

 of Virginia, to be U.S. Governor of the International Monetary Fund for 
a term of 5 years; U.S. Governor of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development for a term of 5 years; U.S. Governor of 
the Inter-American Development Bank for a term of 5 years; U.S. Governor 
of the African Development Bank for a term of 5 years; U.S. Governor of 
the Asian Development Bank; U.S. Governor of the African Development 
Fund; U.S. Governor of the European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, vice Paul Henry O'Neill, resigned.

 Gregory A. White,

 of Ohio, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio for the 
term of 4 years, vice Emily Margaret Sweeney, term expired.
 Withdrawn February 11

 Jeffrey Shane,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Deputy Secretary of 
Transportation, vice Stephen D. Van Beek, resigned, which was sent to 
the Senate on January 9, 2003.
 Submitted February 12

 Consuelo Maria Callahan,

 of California, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, vice 
Ferdinand F. Fernandez, retired.

 Steven M. Colloton,

 of Iowa, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, vice David R. 
Hansen, retired.

 Harry A. Haines,

 of Montana, to be a Judge of the U.S. Tax Court for a term of 15 years, 
vice Renato Beghe, retiring.
 Submitted February 14

 Ellen G. Engleman,

 of Indiana, to be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board 
for a term expire on December 31, 2007, vice John Arthur Hammerschmidt, 
term expired.

 Ellen G. Engleman,

 of Indiana, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board 
for a term of 2 years, vice Marion Blakey, resigned.

 Lawrence B. Hagel,

 of Virginia, to be a Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans 
Claims for the term prescribed by law, vice Ronald M. Holdaway, retired.

 Heather M. Hodges,

 of Ohio, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Moldova.

 Charles E. McQueary,

 of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary for Science and Technology, 
Department of Homeland Security (new position).

[[Page 211]]