Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 42 (Monday, October 20, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 42 (Monday, October 20, 2003)]
[Pages 1409-1410]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 11

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

October 12

    During the day, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President participated in interviews with 
regional television stations.

October 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and later 
met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in television and radio 
interviews with Asian journalists. He also dropped by a meeting between 
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, Office of Management and Budget 
Director Joshua B. Bolten, and other officials and bipartisan Senators 
to discuss proposed legislation concerning reconstruction aid to Iraq.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to celebrations on October 16-20 
at the Vatican in Rome, Italy, marking the 25th anniversary of Pope John 
Paul II's pontificate and the beatification of Mother Teresa: Columba 
Bush (head of delegation); James R. Nicholson; Jim Towey; Mary Ellen 
Bork; Frances Winfield Bremer; Joseph C. Canizaro; Mother Agnes Mary 
Donovan, SV; Raymond L. Flynn; Mary Ann Glendon; Deal W. Hudson; John M. 
Klink; Sister Mary Rose McGeady, DC; Peggy Noonan; Kate O'Beirne; and 
Gabrielle Reynolds.

October 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Dinuba, CA.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fresno, CA. Later, he 
traveled to Riverside, CA.

[[Page 1410]]

    The President announced the nomination of Robert McFarland to be 
Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Information and Technology.
    The President announced the nomination of Susan Johnson Grant to be 
Chief Financial Officer for the Department of Energy.
    The President announced the nomination of Marguerita Dianne Ragsdale 
to be Ambassador to Djibouti.
    The President announced the nomination of Margaret Scobey to be 
Ambassador to Syria.
    The President announced the nomination of Margaret DeBardeleben 
Tutwiler to be Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy.
    The President announced the nomination of Drew R. McCoy to be a 
member of the Board of Trustees of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Jeffrey E. 
Phillips as Acting Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Public 
and Intergovernmental Affairs.

October 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Governor-elect Arnold Schwarzenegger of California and then 
traveled with him to San Bernardino, CA.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Riverside. Later, he 
was joined by Mrs. Bush at March Air Reserve Base, and they then 
traveled to Tokyo, Japan, arriving in the afternoon of October 17.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ion Iliescu of Romania to the White House on October 28.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Timothy J. Dunn 
for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as Deputy Permanent 
Representative of the U.S. Permanent Mission to the Organization of 
American States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Adam Marc 
Lindemann to be a member of the Advisory Board for Cuba Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James C. Struble 
to be Ambassador to Peru.

October 17

    In the evening, the President met with Prime Minister Junichiro 
Koizumi of Japan at Akasaka Palace. Later, also at Akasaka Palace, he 
and Mrs. Bush had dinner with Prime Minister Koizumi.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stuart Holliday to 
be Alternate Representative of the U.S. for Special Political Affairs in 
the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador.