Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 31 (Monday, August 4, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 31 (Monday, August 4, 2003)]
[Page 984]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 7694--Death of Bob Hope

 July 28, 2003

 By the President of the United States

 of America

 A Proclamation

    Today, America mourns the loss of one of its great treasures. A 
gifted comedian who entertained audiences for decades with his unique 
talents, Bob Hope brought joy and laughter to our Nation. By tirelessly 
entertaining America's troops, he demonstrated his extraordinary love of 
country and devotion to the men and women who have served in our 
military.
    As a mark of respect for the memory of Bob Hope, I hereby order, by 
the authority vested in me as President of the United States by the 
Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, that on the 
day of his interment, the flag of the United States shall be flown at 
half-staff at the White House and upon all public buildings and grounds, 
at all military posts and naval stations, and on all naval vessels of 
the Federal Government in the District of Columbia and throughout the 
United States and its Territories and possessions until sunset on such 
day. I also direct that the flag shall be flown at half-staff for the 
same period at all United States embassies, legations, consular offices, 
and other facilities abroad, including all military facilities and naval 
vessels and stations.
     In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty-eighth 
day of July, in the year of our Lord two thousand three, and of the 
Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and twenty-
eighth.
                                                George W. Bush

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 9:18 a.m., July 30, 
2003]

Note: This proclamation was published in the Federal Register on July 
31.