Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 52 (Monday, December 29, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 52 (Monday, December 29, 2003)]
[Pages 1840-1841]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal to discuss the capture of former 
President Saddam Hussein of Iraq. He then had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to discuss the situations 
in Iraq, North Korea, and Libya, and the upcoming trip to Japan of James 
A. Baker III, the President's personal envoy on the issue of Iraqi debt.
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with President Hu Jintao of China to discuss the situations in Taiwan, 
Iraq, and North Korea, and Presidential Envoy Baker's upcoming trip to 
China.

December 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with L. Paul Bremer III, Presidential Envoy to Iraq, and 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld to discuss the situation in 
Iraq. He also met with the Homeland Security Council.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to discuss the situations in Iraq 
and North Korea and Presidential Envoy Baker's upcoming trip to South 
Korea.
    In the afternoon, the President met with rabbis and Jewish community 
leaders in the Roosevelt Room. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Alexandria, VA, and then returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Camp David, MD.

December 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Eloise Anderson as 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Student Loan Marketing 
Association.

December 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had telephone conversations with 
members of the U.S. Armed Forces.

December 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President celebrated Christmas with family 
members.

December 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Albert Casey as a 
Governor of the U.S. Postal Service.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Bradley D. Belt as 
a member of the Social Security Advisory Board.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Raymond Simon as 
Assistant Secretary of Education for Elementary and Secondary Education.
    The President announced the recess appointments of Gay Hart Gaines 
and Claudia Puig as members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for Public Broadcasting.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Fayza Veronique 
Boulad Rodman as a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.

[[Page 1841]]

    The President announced the recess appointments of Cynthia Boich, 
Dorothy A. Johnson, and Henry Lozano as members of the Board of 
Directors of the Corporation for National and Community Service.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Ronald E. Meisburg 
as a member of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Clark Kent Ervin 
as Inspector General at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Robert Lerner as 
Commissioner of Education Statistics at the Department of Education.