Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 30 (Monday, July 28, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 30 (Monday, July 28, 2003)]
[Pages 979-980]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 19

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

July 20

    In the afternoon, the President welcomed Prime Minister Silvio 
Berlusconi of Italy to the Bush Ranch.

July 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on June 9 through July 14.

July 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with his Corporate Fraud Task Force to discuss progress in 
combating corporate fraud.
    Later in the morning, the President met with his National 
Infrastructure Assurance Council to discuss progress in enhancing cyber 
security and the war on terrorism.
    Also in the morning, the President communicated with Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld concerning military operations in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, at the Willard Intercontinental Hotel, the 
President made remarks at the Bush-Cheney '04, Inc., National Finance 
Committee meeting.
    Later in the afternoon, the President hosted Members of Congress at 
the White House to discuss constituent concerns and other issues.
    In the evening, the President hosted a reception for Republican 
Members of Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kerry N. Weems to 
be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Management and 
Budget.

July 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with L. Paul Bremer III and Secretary of Defense Donald H. 
Rumsfeld to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, in Room 450 at the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, the President made brief remarks to State and 
national student leaders of the National FFA Organization. Later, in the 
Oval Office, he met with former President Vaclav Havel of the Czech 
Republic.

[[Page 980]]

    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Nestor Kirchner of Argentina. Later, he met with the 
congressional conference committee on Medicare reform.
    In the evening, the President hosted a reception for Republican 
Members of Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cristina Beato to 
be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Health.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jennifer Young to 
be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Legislation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael O'Grady to 
be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Planning and 
Evaluation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Eugene Hickok as 
Acting Deputy Secretary of Education.
    The President announced his intention to designate Ronald Tomalis as 
Acting Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education.

July 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea 
to discuss the situation in North Korea.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, 
where he toured the Treasury Department's Philadelphia Financial 
Management Service Facility.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Livonia, MI. Later, he 
traveled to Dearborn, MI.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michelle Van Cleave 
as National Counterintelligence Executive.

July 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Prime Minister 
Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority. Later, in Room 
450 at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he made 
remarks to participants in the 2003 Boys and Girls Nations.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barbara McConnell 
Barrett to be Secretary of the Air Force.