Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 49 (Monday, December 8, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 49 (Monday, December 8, 2003)]
[Pages 1761-1762]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 29

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

November 30

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

December 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Detroit, MI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Bradley Simmons. He then traveled to Dearborn, MI.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Canton, MI. Later, he 
traveled to Newark, NJ, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Patricia Fields. He then traveled to Whippany, NJ.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate M. Teel Bivins to 
be Ambassador to Sweden.

December 2

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss peace efforts in the Middle 
East and the situation in Iraq. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Pittsburgh, PA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Mila 
Nguyen.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    During the day, the President informed Robert L. Bartley that he 
would receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

December 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President signed 
the 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act. Later, he 
met with the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President hosted a holiday 
reception.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan at the White House on December 4.
    The President announced his intention to nominate B. Francis Saul II 
and Ruth Sharp Altshuler to be members of the Library of Congress Trust 
Fund Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Arturo Duran as 
Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the International Boundary and Water 
Commission, United States and Mexico.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Victor Rodriguez 
and Bray Bruce Barnes as members of the Coordinating Council on Juvenile 
Justice and Delinquency Prevention.

December 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the 
United Kingdom to discuss the situation in Iraq and the NATO Alliance.
    In the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Eva Nowotny of Austria, Feturi 
Elisaia of Samoa, Euripides L. Evriviades of Cyprus, Abdulaziz Kamilov 
of Uzbekistan, Said Tayeb Jawad of Afghanistan, Salvador Stadthagen of 
Nicaragua,

[[Page 1762]]

Bayney Karran of Guyana, and Mikhailo Reznyk of Ukraine.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the 
Pageant of Peace on the Ellipse.

December 5

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Mireya Elisa Moscoso of Panama to discuss a possible Panama-
U.S. free trade agreement. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Baltimore, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Halethorpe, MD. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in an interview 
with People magazine.
    In the evening, the President hosted a holiday reception.
    The White House announced the members of the President's Task Force 
on Puerto Rico's Status: Gilbert G. Gonzalez, Jr.; Elizabeth Dial; 
Victor E. Bernson, Jr.; Kathleen Leos; Theresa Speake; Regina Schofield; 
Joshua Filler; Frank Jimenez; David P. Smith; Noel J. Francisco; Chris 
Spear; Leo DiBenigno; Sam Reid; Tony Fratto; William McLemore; and Ruben 
Barrales.