Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 41 (Monday, October 13, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 41 (Monday, October 13, 2003)]
[Pages 1368-1370]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 1369]]

October 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the South Lawn, he participated in a state arrival ceremony for 
President Mwai Kibaki of Kenya and Mrs. Lucy Kibaki.
    In the afternoon, the President met with U.S. officials returning 
from Iraq to discuss reconstruction efforts there. Later, he met with 
former Senator John Danforth, Special Envoy for Peace in the Sudan, to 
discuss peace efforts in that country.
    In the evening, in the Cross Hall, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a photo opportunity with President Kibaki and Mrs. 
Kibaki. Later, in the State Dining Room, they hosted a state dinner for 
President and Mrs. Kibaki.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jon Robert Purnell 
to be Ambassador to Uzbekistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas Riley to be 
Ambassador to Morocco.
    The President announced his intention to designate Brian Carlton 
Roseboro as Acting Under Secretary of the Treasury (Domestic Finance).

October 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stuart Ishimaru to 
be a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the U.S. Section of the U.S.-Mexico Border 
Health Commission: Jose Manual de la Rosa, Lawrence Edward Kline, Tom G. 
Lindsey II, and Emma Torres.

October 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Governor-elect Arnold Schwarzenegger of California to congratulate him 
on his October 7 electoral victory.
    Also in the afternoon, the President met with Republican Members of 
Congress to discuss proposed legislation on reconstruction aid to Iraq.
    The White House announced that the President will attend the APEC 
Leaders' Meeting in Bangkok, Thailand, on October 20-21, and that he has 
accepted invitations from Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to visit 
Japan on October 17-18, from Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong to visit 
Singapore on October 21-22, from President Megawati Sukarnoputri to 
visit Indonesia on October 22, and from Prime Minister John Howard to 
visit Australia on October 22-23.
    The President announced his appointment of Kristen Lee Silverburg as 
Deputy Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate April Hoxie Foley 
to be First Vice President of the Export-Import Bank.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gary Lee Visscher 
to be a member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William O. DeWitt, 
Jr., as a member of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board.

October 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Portsmouth, NH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Cathy Rice.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Manchester, NH, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Robert 
Perkins.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Lexington, KY.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with members of the U.S. 
Commission on International Religious Freedom, who presented him with 
the fourth annual report of the Commission.

[[Page 1370]]

    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.