Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 26 (Monday, June 30, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 26 (Monday, June 30, 2003)]
[Page 795]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders Transmitting a Report on United States 
Individuals Involved in the Antinarcotics Campaign in Colombia

June 20, 2003

Dear Mr. Speaker:  (Dear Mr. President:)

    Consistent with section 3204(f), title III, chapter 2 of the 
Emergency Supplemental Act, 2000 (the ``Act''), as enacted in the 
Military Construction Appropriations Act, 2001, Public Law 106-246, I am 
submitting a report prepared by my Administration that provides ``the 
aggregate number, locations, activities, and lengths of assignment for 
all temporary and permanent U.S. military personnel and U.S. individual 
civilians retained as contractors involved in the antinarcotics campaign 
in Colombia.''
    This report is classified because of force protection considerations 
and the high level of terrorist threat in Colombia. However, the 
aggregate numbers given below are unclassified.
    The report indicates that as of May 13, 2003, the end of this 
reporting period, there were 358 temporary and permanent U.S. military 
personnel and 308 U.S. civilians retained as individual contractors in 
Colombia involved in supporting Plan Colombia. This report further 
indicates that during March, April, and May 2003, these figures never 
exceeded the ceilings established in section 3204(b) of the Act, as 
amended.
     Sincerely,
                                                George W. Bush
      

Note: Identical letters were sent to J. Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the 
House of Representatives, and Richard B. Cheney, President of the 
Senate. This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.