Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 9 (Monday, March 3, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 9 (Monday, March 3, 2003)]
[Pages 258-260]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 22

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing. Later, he met with President Jose Maria Aznar 
of Spain. The two Presidents then had a four-way telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom and President 
Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss a proposed resolution on Iraq to 
be submitted to the United Nations.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush took President 
Aznar and his wife, Ana Botella, on a tour of the Bush Ranch, and in the 
afternoon, they had lunch together.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Presidents Vicente Fox of Mexico and Ricardo Lagos of Chile to 
discuss the situation in Iraq.

February 23

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.

February 24

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Ion Iliescu of Romania concerning the situation in Iraq and 
mutual support between Romania and the United States. He then had 
intelligence and FBI briefings and met with the National Security 
Council.
    Later in the morning, the President dropped by a meeting between 
Aleksandr Voloshin, head of administration for President Vladimir Putin 
of Russia, and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric S. Edelman to 
be Ambassador to Turkey.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gregory W. Engle 
to be Ambassador to Togo.

[[Page 259]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public 
Diplomacy: Maria Sophia Aguirre, Elizabeth F. Bagley, Barbara McConnell 
Barrett (Chairman), Charles William Evers III, Harold C. Pachios, and 
Jay T. Snyder.
    The President announced his intention to designate Richard H. 
Carmona as Acting Assistant Secretary for Health at the Department of 
Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to designate William H. 
Campbell as Acting Assistant Secretary for Human Resources and 
Administration at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James Byrne 
Francis, Jr., as a member of the American Battle Monuments Commission.

February 25

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Konstandinos Simitis of Greece to congratulate him on 
Greece's European Union Presidency and to discuss the situation in Iraq, 
the war on terrorism, and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan's settlement 
plan for the conflict in Cyprus. The President also had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Mikulas Dzurinda of Slovakia to discuss 
the situation in Iraq.
    The President then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha of Bulgaria to discuss the 
situation in Iraq, Bulgaria's invitation to join NATO, and friendship 
and support between Bulgaria and the United States.
    During the day, the President met with Defense Secretary Donald 
Rumsfeld and Office of Management and Budget Director Mitch Daniels to 
discuss the costs of possible military action against Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James B. Foley to 
be Ambassador to Haiti.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Export Council: J.W. Marriott, 
Jr. (Chairman); James C. Morgan (Vice Chairman); Paul Hsu; John Lopez; 
Beatriz Manetta; Michael Sacco; C. Michael Armstrong; Glen A. Barton; 
Riley P. Bechtel; S. Jackson Faris; Henry M. Paulson, Jr.; Warren R. 
Staley; Solomon Dennis Trujillo; Michael L. Eskew; James Brian Ferguson; 
Lee R. Raymond; Philip Condit; Michael S. Dell; Arnold W. Donald; 
Raymond V. Gilmartin; Christopher T. Jenny; C. Michael Kojaian; Celilia 
Ochoa Levine; John A. Luke, Jr.; Harold B. Smith; John F. Smith; and 
Sidney Taurel.

February 26

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy of Hungary to discuss the President's 
condolences concerning flooding in Hungary, his appreciation for the 
Hungarian Parliament's February 24 vote to authorize the transport of 
U.S. military equipment through Hungary, and the situation in Iraq. The 
President also had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Jean 
Chretien of Canada to discuss the draft U.N. Security Council resolution 
presented by Britain, Spain, and the U.S. concerning the situation in 
Iraq.
    The President then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Heydar Aliyev of Azerbaijan to discuss the war on terrorism.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he made remarks to the President's Export Council.
    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
received diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Eduardo Amadeo of 
Argentina, Marina Valere of Trinidad and Tobago, Jaime Aparicio of 
Bolivia, Devinda R. Subasinghe of Sri Lanka, Bernardo Alvarez Herrera of 
Venezuela, Narisoa Rajaonarivony of Madagascar, Roberto Alfaro of 
Panama, Hamrokhon Zaripov of Tajikistan, Inonge Mbikusita-Lewanika of 
Zambia, Ravdangin Bold of Mongolia, Mohamed Latheef of Maldives, and 
John Lowell of Malta.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nicholas Gregory 
Mankiw to be a

[[Page 260]]

member of the Council of Economic Advisers and, upon confirmation, 
designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ephraim Batambuze 
and Thomas Thomas Riley to be members of the Board of Directors of the 
African Development Foundation.
    The White House announced that on February 25 the President declared 
an emergency in New York and ordered Federal aid to supplement State and 
local recovery efforts in the area struck by record/near record 
snowstorms on December 25-26, 2002, and January 3-4, 2003.

February 27

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia concerning the situations in the 
Korean Peninsula and Iraq. He then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with President Hamid 
Karzai of Afghanistan, following their meeting in the Oval Office.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Secretary of State Colin Powell, Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, and 
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Christine Todd Whitman to 
discuss environmental initiatives. He then met with Executive Director 
James Morris of the World Food Program to discuss U.S. famine relief 
efforts around the world, including the Famine Fund for Africa.
    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
presented the National Humanities Medals for 2002.
    During the day, the President dropped by a meeting between Nobel 
laureate Elie Wiesel and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice. He 
also participated in an interview with journalists from the USA Today 
newspaper.
    The President announced the following recipients of the National 
Humanities Medal for 2002: Donald Kagan, Brian Lamb, Art Linkletter, 
Patricia Maclachlan, Iowa Writers' Workshop, the Mount Vernon Ladies' 
Association, Frankie Hewitt, and Thomas Sowell.

February 28

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende of the Netherlands to discuss the 
situation in Iraq. He then had intelligence and FBI briefings and met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Camp David, 
MD.
    The White House announced that the President and Prime Minister 
Bertie Ahern of Ireland will meet at the White House on March 13.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roland W. Bullen 
to be Ambassador to Guyana.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nicole R. Nason to 
be Assistant Secretary for Governmental Affairs at the Department of 
Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Annette M. 
Sandberg to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Administration, Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Wilma Delaney, Mary 
Gade, and Monica Samuels as members of the Board of Directors of the 
Mickey Leland National Urban Air Toxics Research Center.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Tirso Del Junco and 
Gen. Charles Krulak, USMC (Ret.), as members of the Board of Visitors of 
the United States Naval Academy.