Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 5 (Monday, February 3, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 5 (Monday, February 3, 2003)]
[Pages 145-146]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended an Alfalfa Club 
Dinner.

January 27

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to discuss cooperation against 
terrorism and the situation in Iraq. He also had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende of the Netherlands 
to congratulate him on his January 22 electoral victory and to discuss 
the situation in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, in his private dining room, the President had 
lunch with Vice President Dick Cheney. He then met with newspaper and 
magazine journalists to discuss his January 28 State of the Union 
Address.
    During the day, the President continued preparations for his January 
28 State of the Union Address.
    The President announced his intention to designate Gordon England as 
Acting Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate Janet Hale as 
Acting Under Secretary for Management at the Department of Homeland 
Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate Clark Kent Ervin 
as Acting Inspector General at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate Michael D. Brown 
as Acting Under Secretary for Emergency Preparedness and Response at the 
Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Cultural Property Advisory Committee: Joan 
Breton Connelly, James Lorand Matory, Nancy Clausen Wilkie, Meredith J. 
Long, James Wright Willis, Willard Lee Boyd, Jay I. Kislak, Aniko Gaal 
Schott, and Marta Araoz de la Torre.

January 28

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with network television 
journalists to discuss his State of the Union Address to be delivered 
that evening.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy for a meeting and luncheon at the 
White House on January 30.

January 29

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Grand Rapids, MI. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to congratulate him on his 
January 28 electoral victory. In Grand Rapids, he participated in a 
roundtable discussion on Medicare and prescription drugs at Spectrum 
Health hospital.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Garcia 
to be Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Border and 
Transportation Security).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Col. Merdith 
Wyndham Bolling Temple, USA, as the Federal Member of the Susquehanna 
River Basin Commission (Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania) and the 
Federal Member of the Delaware River Basin Commission (Delaware, New 
Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania).

January 30

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.

[[Page 146]]

    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Jose Manuel Durao Barroso of Portugal to express his 
appreciation for the Prime Minister's support concerning the situation 
in Iraq. He also had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Goran 
Persson of Sweden to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Prime Minister Silvio 
Berlusconi of Italy, following their meeting in the Oval Office. Later, 
with Secretary of State Colin Powell, he met with Minister of Foreign 
Affairs Saud al-Faysal al Saud and Ambassador to the U.S. Prince Bandar 
of Saudi Arabia to discuss cooperation against terrorism.
    In the evening, the President met with U.S. military combatant 
commanders. Later, he and Mrs. Bush hosted the commanders, Vice 
President Dick Cheney, and their spouses for dinner in the White House 
Residence.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Service and Civic 
Participation: Darrell Green (Chair); Robert Dole and John Glenn 
(honorary Co-Chairs); Sean Astin; Clotilde Dedecker; Pedro Garcia; Luis 
Gonzalez; Deal W. Hudson; Wendy Kopp; Robert Nardelli; Bill Novelli; Cal 
Ripken, Jr.; Cokie Roberts; Hope Taft; Steve Young; Dixie Carter; and 
Robert D. Putnam.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric S. Dreiband 
to be General Counsel of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Costa and 
Makoto Fujimura to be members of the National Council on the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to designate William Edward 
Franklin as U.S. Commissioner of the Kansas-Oklahoma Arkansas River 
Commission (Kansas and Oklahoma).
    The President announced his intention to designate Albert Earnest 
Gilder as Alternate U.S. Commissioner of the Kansas-Oklahoma Arkansas 
River Commission.

January 31

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vaclav Havel of the Czech Republic to express best wishes 
concerning President Havel's retirement on February 2, and his support 
for a statement President Havel and other European leaders issued 
concerning the situation in Iraq. He also had a telephone conversation 
with President Eduardo Alberto Duhalde of Argentina concerning support 
for IMF economic efforts in Argentina and cooperation against terrorism.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the National Security Council. Later, he 
participated in an Oval Office ceremony with Mayor Michael Bloomberg of 
New York City and Gov. George E. Pataki of New York to transfer 
jurisdiction of Governors Island to the people of New York. He then met 
with members of the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ellen G. Engleman 
to be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Diane M. Stuart 
as Acting Director of the Violence Against Women Office at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jerry Pinkney and 
Karen Lias Wolff to be members of the National Council on the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jose Luis Galvez 
III as a member of the National Capital Planning Commission.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to the 
Federated States of Micronesia, which was impacted by Tropical Storm 
Chata'an on July 2-4, 2002.