Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 46 (Monday, November 17, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 46 (Monday, November 17, 2003)]
[Pages 1614-1615]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 8

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

November 9

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

November 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Little Rock, AR, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Dr. Michael Quick.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Greer, SC, where, upon 
arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Robin Longino and high 
school athlete Ben Comen. Later, he traveled to Greenville, SC.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will award the Medal of 
Freedom to NATO Secretary General Lord Robertson in a ceremony at the 
White House on November 12.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Patrick Marshall 
Hughes to be Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis at the 
Department of Homeland Security.

November 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in an Oval Office ceremony, he signed the Military Family Tax Relief Act 
of 2003.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Arlington, VA, where they participated in a Veterans Day wreath-laying 
ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns in Arlington National Cemetery. In 
the afternoon, they returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 1615]]

    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
signed the National Cemetery Expansion Act.

November 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. He then met with Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld and Presidential Envoy to Iraq L. Paul Bremer 
III. Later, in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity 
with Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Michael O. Leavitt 
and members of Mr. Leavitt's family.
    Later in the morning, the President met with NATO Secretary General 
Lord Robertson.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
British print journalists and a separate interview later with Sir David 
Frost of the BBC. Later, in the Oval Office, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in the presentation of the National Medal of Arts awards.

November 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Orlando, FL. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had 
a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy 
to express his condolences to the families of the Italians killed in the 
suicide bombing in Nasiriyah, Iraq, on November 12 and to discuss 
reconstruction efforts in Iraq and Europe-U.S. relations. Upon arrival 
in Orlando, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Matilda Walther.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fort Myers, FL, where, 
upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Mark Asperilla.
    In the evening, the President attended a Bush-Cheney reception at a 
private residence. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rhonda Newman 
Keenum to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of 
the U.S. and Foreign Commercial Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Campbell 
Mulford to be Ambassador to India.

November 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with Trevor Kavanagh of the British 
newspaper The Sun. Then, in the Oval Office, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in the presentation of the National Humanities Medal 
awards.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had lunch with 
President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi of Italy. Later, he traveled to Camp 
David, MD.