Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 12 (Monday, March 24, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 12 (Monday, March 24, 2003)]
[Pages 349-351]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 15

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had separate 
telephone conversations with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy 
and Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss the 
situation in Iraq.
    Also in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

March 16

    In the morning, the President traveled to Lajes Field Air Force Base 
in the Azores, Portugal, where, in the evening, he had dinner with Prime 
Minister Jose Manuel Durao Barroso of Portugal, President Jose Maria 
Aznar of Spain, and Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had separate telephone conversations with 
Prime Minister John Howard of Australia and Secretary of State Colin 
Powell.

 March 17

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom, President Jose 
Maria Aznar of Spain, and King Juan Carlos of Spain to discuss the 
situation in Iraq.
    Also in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the National Security Council and Secretary of 
State Colin Powell.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to discuss possible military action 
against Iraq.
    In the evening, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
members of Congress to discuss the situation in Iraq.

[[Page 350]]

March 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the situation in Iraq, 
Russia-U.S. relations, and President Putin's invitation to President 
Bush to visit St. Petersburg, Russia, in May. Also in the morning, the 
President had a telephone conversation with President Hu Jintao of China 
to congratulate him on taking office on March 15 and to discuss China-
U.S. relations, the situations in Iraq and North Korea, and the 
President's commitment to a one-China policy.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.

March 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss possible 
military action against Iraq and peace efforts in the Middle East. He 
then had intelligence and FBI briefings. Later, he met with the National 
Security Council in the Situation Room and then met with Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge and Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New 
York City to discuss antiterrorism measures in New York City.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Central Intelligence Agency 
Director George Tenet to discuss possible military action against Iraq. 
Later, in the Oval Office, he met with Vice President Dick Cheney, 
Secretary of State Colin Powell, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, 
National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, White House Chief of Staff 
Andrew Card, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Richard B. 
Myers, USAF, to discuss possible military action against Iraq.
    In the evening, the President met with speechwriter Michael Gerson 
to discuss his address to the nation later that evening. Later, he had 
dinner with Mrs. Bush in the Residence. He then had a telephone 
conversation with White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card to discuss 
possible military action against Iraq.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Paul Biya of Cameroon to the White House on March 20 to discuss 
bilateral relations, regional issues, trade and development efforts, and 
combating HIV/AIDS.

March 20

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice to discuss military action 
against Iraq, which commenced the previous evening. Then, in the Oval 
Office, he had intelligence and FBI briefings. He also met with Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, the President met in the Oval Office with Vice 
President Dick Cheney, CIA Director George Tenet, and White House Chief 
of Staff Andrew Card to discuss military action against Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, Amir Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani 
of Qatar, and King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa of Bahrain to discuss 
military action against Iraq.
    In the evening, in the Oval Office, the President had a meeting and 
dinner with President Paul Biya of Cameroon.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frank Libutti to 
be Under Secretary for Information Analysis and Infrastructure 
Protection at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John E. Buchanan 
to be a member of the National Museum Services Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William Batoff as a 
member of the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation (Public).
    The President declared an emergency in Delaware and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on February 14-19.
    The President declared a major disaster in Tennessee and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in

[[Page 351]]

the area struck by severe storms and flooding on February 14-26.
    The President declared an emergency in New Jersey and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record/near record snow on February 16-17.

March 21

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. He also met with Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with 
Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, House 
Majority Leader Tom DeLay, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Senate 
Majority Leader Bill Frist, and Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle.
    In the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Karen P. Tandy to 
be Administrator of Drug Enforcement at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert Bruce Korver 
as a member of the Cultural Property Advisory Committee (international 
sales expert).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Commission on Drug-Free 
Communities: Judith A. Cushing (State organization); Arthur Dean 
(national organization); Dennis Griffith (national organization); 
Patricia J. Kempthorne (public); Charles W. Larson, Jr. (State 
organization); Ronald Luce (public); Flor Santalo-Sherbahn (State 
organization); Peggy Sapp (national organization); and Loretta M. Wenger 
(national organization).