Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 43 (Monday, October 27, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 43 (Monday, October 27, 2003)]
[Pages 1464-1466]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 18

    In the morning, at the U.S. Ambassador's residence in Tokyo, Japan, 
the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
traveled to Manila, Philippines, where they greeted U.S. Embassy 
personnel and members of the American community at the Embassy.
    In the afternoon, at the Rizal Monument, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a wreath-laying ceremony with President Gloria 
Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines. Later, at Malacanang Palace, he and 
Mrs. Bush participated in a welcoming ceremony with President Macapagal-
Arroyo and her husband, Jose Miguel Arroyo. The two Presidents then had 
a meeting.
    In the evening, in the Ceremonial Hall at Malacanang Palace, the 
President and Mrs. Bush attended a state dinner hosted by President 
Macapagal-Arroyo.

October 19

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Bangkok, 
Thailand. Later, at the Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok, he met with Prime 
Minister Thaksin Chinnawat of Thailand.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a review of Thai 
troops recently returned from Afghanistan. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
toured the Grand Palace.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok, the 
President met with President Hu Jintao of China.
    In the evening, at the Grand Palace, the President and Mrs. Bush 
attended a state dinner hosted by King Phumiphon Adunyadet and Queen 
Sirikit of Thailand.

October 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Grand Hyatt Erawan Bangkok, he had a breakfast meeting with 
President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea. He then met with President 
Vicente Fox of Mexico.
    In the afternoon, at Government House, the President participated in 
the first session of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation

[[Page 1465]]

(APEC) Leaders' Retreat. Later, he attended an APEC Business Advisory 
Council reception.
    In the evening, at the Grand Palace, the President and Mrs. Bush and 
other APEC leaders and their spouses had an audience with King Phumiphon 
Adunyadet and Queen Sirikit of Thailand. Later, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with APEC leaders.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the APEC 
leaders' gala dinner at the Royal Thai Navy Conference Hall and a 
cultural performance at the Royal Thai Navy Institute.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James M. Strock to 
be a member of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy.

October 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Old Parliament Building, he participated a photo opportunity with 
APEC leaders and the second session of the APEC Leaders' Retreat. In the 
afternoon, he attended a reception for APEC leaders.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Singapore. In the evening, the President met with Prime Minister Goh 
Chok Tong of Singapore at the Istana.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward McPherson 
to be Under Secretary of Education.

October 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Bali, Indonesia, where, at Bali 
International Airport, he met with President Megawati Sukarnoputri of 
Indonesia.
    In the afternoon, at the airport, the President met with religious 
leaders. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Canberra, Australia.
    The President announced the laureates of the 2002 National Medals of 
Science and National Medals of Technology, which will be presented at a 
White House ceremony on November 6.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol Kinsley to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.

October 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush participated in a courtesy call on Governor-General 
Michael Jeffery of Australia and Mrs. Jeffery at Australia's Government 
House.
    Later in the morning, at Australia's Parliament House, the President 
met with Prime Minister John Howard of Australia.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
wreath-laying ceremony at the Australian War Memorial.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Hickam Air 
Force Base on the island of Oahu, HI, crossing the international date 
line and arriving Thursday morning, October 23.
    Upon arriving at Hickam Air Force Base, the President and Mrs. Bush 
greeted Gov. Linda Lingle and Lt. Gov. James ``Duke'' Aiona of Hawaii, 
U.S. military leaders, and National Park Service volunteer Hilma Chang.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Pearl 
Harbor, where they participated in a wreath-laying ceremony at the 
U.S.S. Arizona (BB-39) Memorial and met with eight survivors of the 1941 
Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Later, aboard the U.S.S. Missouri, the 
President participated in a briefing by Adm. Thomas Boulton Fargo, USN, 
combatant commander, U.S. Pacific Command. He then toured the U.S.S. 
Missouri and greeted veterans and former Missouri crewmembers. Later, he 
and Mrs. Bush visited second-grade students at Pearl Harbor Elementary 
school.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Honolulu, 
HI, where, at the Kahala Mandarin Oriental Hotel, he attended a Hawaii 
Republican Party reception. Later, he met with delegates of 13 Pacific 
Island nations attending the Pacific Islands Conference of Leaders.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush departed for Washington, 
DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James M. Loy to be 
Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security and to designate

[[Page 1466]]

him as Acting Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security.

October 24

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush arrived in Washington, 
DC. Later in the day, they traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka to the White House on 
November 4.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Joseph Kabila of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the White House 
on November 5.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Rolandas Paksas of Lithuania to the White House on December 8.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Benjamin Franklin Tercentenary Commission: 
Ralph F. Archbold, Wayne A. Budd, John Anderson Fry, Charles R. Gerow, 
Judith Rodin, and Jeffrey L. Sedgwick.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward E. Kaufman, 
Fayza Veronique Boulad Rodman, and Steven J. Simmons to be members of 
the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the commemoration 
ceremony of the 20th anniversary of the restoration of democracy to 
Grenada in St. George's: Otto J. Reich (head of delegation), Marcia 
Bernicat, Adm. Joseph Metcalf III, Langhorne Anthony Motley, and Ken 
Tomlinson.