Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 11 (Monday, March 17, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 11 (Monday, March 17, 2003)]
[Pages 324-326]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan to discuss the war on terror, 
efforts to rebuild Afghanistan, and President Karzai's appearance before 
the U.S. Senate on February 26.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a Gridiron Club 
dinner at the Capital Hilton Hotel.

March 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jiang Zemin of China to congratulate him on his years of 
service to his country and to discuss China-U.S. relations and the 
situations in North Korea and Iraq. The President also had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to discuss 
the situations in Iraq and North Korea.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa to discuss the situation in Iraq, 
South Africa-U.S. relations, and to congratulate President Mbeki for his 
work on peace efforts in the Congo. He also had a telephone conversation 
with Sultan Qaboos bin Said Al Said of Oman to discuss the situation in 
Iraq and Oman-U.S. relations.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the National Security Council.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain and Chairman Recep Tayyip 
Erdogan of Turkey's AK Party to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Veterans of Foreign Wars 
youth medal winners.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert S. Nichols 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Public Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Suedeen G. Kelly 
to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.

March 11

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jose Eduardo dos Santos of Angola to discuss the situation in 
Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings. He also met with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Richard Myers, USAF. Later, 
he met with Attorney General John Ashcroft to discuss the initiative on 
using DNA to solve crimes.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Ricardo Lagos of Chile, President Vicente Fox of Mexico, 
Prime Minister John Howard of Australia, Prime Minister Silvio 
Berlusconi of Italy, and President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to discuss 
the situation in Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joe D. Whitley to 
be General Counsel of the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eduardo Aguirre, 
Jr., to be Director of the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration 
Service, Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate Michael J. Garcia 
as Acting Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for the Bureau of 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and to nominate him to be Assistant 
Secretary of Homeland Security for the Bureau of Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement.
    The President announced his intention to designate Richard Seybolt 
as Federal Commissioner and Chairman of the Arkansas-Oklahoma Arkansas 
River Compact Commission (Arkansas and Oklahoma).
    The President announced his intention to designate David Vandergriff 
as Alternate Federal Commissioner of the Arkansas-Oklahoma Arkansas 
River Compact Commission (Arkansas and Oklahoma).

[[Page 325]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Kenneth C. 
Canterbury, Jr., as a member of the Medal of Valor Review Board (Law 
Enforcement).
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on February 2-4.
    The President declared an emergency in Connecticut and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record/near record snow on February 17-18.
    The President declared an emergency in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by record/near record snow on February 17-18.
    The President declared an emergency in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record/near record snow on February 17-18.

March 12

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Zayid bin Sultan Al Nuhayyan of the United Arab Emirates to 
discuss the situation in Iraq. He also had a telephone conversation with 
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines to discuss the 
situation in Iraq, President Macapagal-Arroyo's upcoming state visit to 
the U.S., and efforts to combat terrorism in the southern Philippines.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He 
also met with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, Secretary of State 
Colin Powell, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Richard 
Myers, USAF.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan and President 
Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
bipartisan Members of Congress to discuss proposed medical liability 
reform legislation.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss the situation 
in Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Hewitt Pate to 
be Assistant Attorney General, Antitrust Division, at the Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Helen R. Meagher 
La Lime to be Ambassador to Mozambique.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric M. Javits for 
the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as U.S. Representative to the 
Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.

March 13

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to discuss the situations in Iraq 
and North Korea. He also had a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha of Bulgaria to discuss the situation 
in Iraq.
    The President then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland and Northern Ireland leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss the situation 
in Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jeane J. 
Kirkpatrick as U.S. Representative on the Human Rights Commission of the 
Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert P. Liscouski 
as Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection at the Department 
of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Paul J. Redmond as 
Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis at the Department of 
Homeland Security.

March 14

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, King Abdullah II of Jordan, and 
Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to discuss peace efforts in the 
Middle East. He also had separate telephone conversations with Prime 
Minister Anders

[[Page 326]]

Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark and Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United 
Kingdom to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President met with victims of 1988 chemical 
weapons attacks by the Iraqi regime against Kurdish citizens in Iraq.
    Later in the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali of Pakistan at the White House on 
March 28 to discuss key bilateral, regional, and international issues 
and cooperation in the war on terror.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Pamela J.H. Slutz 
to be Ambassador to Mongolia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Margaret L. Kripke 
as a member of the President's Cancer Panel.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jo Ann Krukar Webb 
as a member of the National Veterans Business Development Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James W. Porter, 
George W. Reiger, and Jane Graeffe Witheridge to be members of the 
Interstate Commission on the Potomac River Basin.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
to represent the United States at the March 15 memorial service for 
Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic of Serbia in Belgrade: Lawrence 
Eagleburger (delegation leader), William D. Montgomery, Marlene 
Eagleburger, Janet Bogue, Lisa Tepper, and Theresa Grencik.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
a severe winter storm and record/near record snow on February 14.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe winter ice and snow storms, heavy rain, flooding, 
tornadoes, and mud and rock slides on February 15-26.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm, record/near record snow, heavy rains, 
flooding, and landslides on February 16.
    The President declared an emergency in Maryland and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on February 14-17.
    The President declared an emergency in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by record/near record snow on February 14-19.
    The President declared an emergency in the Distict of Columbia and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement District recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record/near record snow on February 16-17.