Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 31 (Monday, August 4, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 31 (Monday, August 4, 2003)]
[Pages 1026-1027]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 26

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

July 27

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he hosted a White House tee-ball game on the South Lawn and made 
welcoming remarks to the participants.
    Also in the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation 
with American cyclist Lance Armstrong to congratulate him on winning his 
fifth Tour de France earlier in the day.

July 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of 
Japan to discuss the situations in Iraq and North Korea and economic 
development in Japan.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Pittsburgh, PA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel. Later, he met with 
Foreign Minister Saud al-Faysal al Saud and Ambassador to the U.S. 
Prince Bandar of Saudi Arabia to discuss the recent congressional report 
on the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with a bipartisan group of 
Senators to discuss proposed energy legislation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Duane Acklie as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Student Loan Marketing 
Association and, upon appointment, to designate him as chairman.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on June 13 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Tennessee and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, high winds, and heavy rain on July 21-22.

July 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hu Jintao of China to discuss the situation in North Korea.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint William K. 
Sessions III as a vice chair of the U.S. Sentencing Commission.

[[Page 1027]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Pamela P. 
Willeford to be Ambassador to Switzerland and concurrently to 
Liechtenstein.
    The President announced his designation of William H. Campbell as 
Acting Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Human Resources and 
Administration.

July 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michele M. 
Leonhart to be Deputy Administrator of Drug Enforcement at the Drug 
Enforcement Administration.
    The President announced his designation of Karen P. Tandy as Acting 
Administrator of Drug Enforcement at the Drug Enforcement 
Administration.

August 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Eugene 
Hoagland to be Ambassador to Tajikistan.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and high winds on June 24-25.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
tornadoes, flooding, severe storms, and high winds on July 21 and 
continuing.