Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 27 (Monday, July 7, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 27 (Monday, July 7, 2003)]
[Pages 878-879]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 28

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

June 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Miami, FL.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Tampa, FL.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Committee for Purchase from People Who Are 
Blind or Severely Disabled: Frederick Beaman, Steven Bernett, Robert 
Kelly, and Felipe Mendoza.

July 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gwendolyn Brown to 
be Chief Financial Officer for the National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration.

[[Page 879]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeane J. 
Kirkpatrick for the rank of Ambassador during her service as U.S. 
Representative on the Human Rights Commission of the Economic and Social 
Council of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joan Avalyn Dempsey 
as Executive Director of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory 
Board.

July 2

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
also had a telephone conversation with President Vladimir Putin of 
Russia to discuss the situations in Iran and North Korea.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Secretary of the 
Interior Gale A. Norton to discuss the National Park System. Later, he 
met with Randall Tobias, his nominee to be Global AIDS Coordinator.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, King Abdullah II of Jordan, and 
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to discuss the peace process in 
the Middle East.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joel David Kaplan 
to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald K. 
Steinberg to be Ambassador to Nigeria.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, flooding, mud and rock slides, and 
tornadoes on June 14 and continuing.

July 3

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas 
(Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority to discuss the peace process in 
the Middle East.

July 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he traveled to Dayton, OH, 
where, in the afternoon, he made remarks on the celebration of 
Independence Day and the 100th anniversary of flight at the U.S. Air 
Force Museum.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he attended a party hosted by Mrs. Bush to celebrate his upcoming 57th 
birthday.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush viewed the Independence 
Day fireworks display on the National Mall from the Truman Balcony.