Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 50 (Monday, December 15, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 50 (Monday, December 15, 2003)]
[Page 1765]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 13319--Amendment to Executive Order 13183, Establishment 
of the President's Task Force on Puerto Rico's Status

December 3, 2003

    By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and 
the laws of the United States of America, it is hereby ordered that 
Executive Order 13183 of December 23, 2000, as amended, is further 
amended as follows:
    (1) Section 2 is amended by deleting the second and third sentences, 
and inserting in lieu thereof the following: ``It shall be composed of 
designees of each member of the President's Cabinet and the Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director for Intergovernmental Affairs. 
The Task Force shall be co-chaired by the Attorney General's designee 
and the Deputy Assistant to the President and Director for 
Intergovernmental Affairs.''
    (2) By deleting section 4, and inserting in lieu thereof the 
following: ``Sec. 4. Report. The Task Force shall report on its actions 
to the President as needed, but no less frequently than once every 2 
years, on progress made in the determination of Puerto Rico's ultimate 
status.''
                                                George W. Bush
The White House,
December 3, 2003.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., December 5, 
2003]

Note: This Executive order was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on December 5, and it was published in the Federal Register on 
December 8. This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.