Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 14 (Monday, April 7, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 14 (Monday, April 7, 2003)]
[Pages 408-410]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing at Camp 
David, MD.

March 30

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

March 31

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where 
he had a briefing on homeland security with Secretary of Homeland 
Security Tom Ridge and U.S. Coast Guard officials at the Coast Guard 
Marine Safety Office at the Port of Philadelphia. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.

[[Page 409]]

    The President announced his intention to designate Nils J. Diaz as 
Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Terri Lacy as a 
member of the Federal Salary Council (Labor Relations and Pay Policy) 
and upon appointment, to designate her as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven A. Browning 
to be Ambassador to Malawi.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald Schlicher 
to be Ambassador to Tunisia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen M. Young 
to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Josette Sheeran 
Shiner to be Deputy U.S. Trade Representative.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Teresa M. Ressel 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Management), to designate her 
as Acting Chief Financial Officer, and upon confirmation, to designate 
her as Chief Financial Officer.

April 1

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to discuss the rescue of American POW 
Jessica D. Lynch by U.S. military forces in Iraq.
    During the day, the President met with Senator Chuck Grassley of 
Iowa to discuss the President's jobs-and-growth package.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Herbert S. Garten 
and Thomas R. Meites to be members of the Board of Directors of the 
Legal Services Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles E. Horner, 
Stephen D. Krasner, and Daniel Pipes to be members of the Board of 
Directors of the United States Institute of Peace.

April 2

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with Amir Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani of Qatar, Minister of 
Foreign Affairs Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jabir Al Sabah of Kuwait, and 
President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
economists to discuss the state of the economy and the President's jobs-
and-growth package.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jorge Batlle of Uruguay to the White House on April 23.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James J. Jochum to 
be Assistant Secretary of Commerce (Import Administration).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter D. Keisler 
to be Assistant Attorney General (Civil Division), Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert D. McCallum 
to be Associate Attorney General, Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to designate Gen. Mark V. 
Rosenker, AFRC, as Vice Chairman of the National Transportation Safety 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mack I. Whittle as 
a member of the Advisory Committee on the Arts, John F. Kennedy Center 
for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the National 
Institute of Building Sciences: James Broaddus, Lane Carson, Paul Pate, 
and Jose Teran.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on the National 
Medal of Science: Denice D. Denton, Anne O. Krueger, M. Susan Smith, 
Richard F. Thompson, and Neil deGrasse Tyson.

April 3

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
and Mrs. Bush

[[Page 410]]

then traveled to Camp Lejeune in Jacksonville, NC.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with 
U.S. Marine Corps personnel in the mess hall at Camp Lejeune.
    In the afternoon, in a chapel at Camp Lejeune, the President and 
Mrs. Bush met with family members of U.S. marines killed in Iraq. Later, 
the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alvaro Uribe of Colombia to the White House on May 2.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Goh Chok Tong of Singapore to the White House on May 6.

April 4

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to discuss humanitarian operations 
in Iraq and the situation in North Korea. Later, he had intelligence and 
FBI briefings and met with the National Security Council. He then had 
separate meetings with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary 
of State Colin Powell.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with Iraqi Americans and 
Iraqi exiles living in the U.S. to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Rudolf Schuster of the Slovak Republic to the White House on April 9.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Abel Pacheco of Costa Rica, President Francisco Flores Perez of El 
Salvador, President Alfonso Portillo Cabrera of Guatemala, President 
Ricardo Maduro of Honduras, and President Enrique Bolanos of Nicaragua 
to the White House on April 10.