Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 5 (Monday, February 3, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 5 (Monday, February 3, 2003)]
[Page 125]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Determination Pursuant to Section 2(c)(1) of the Migration 
and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962, as Amended

January 29, 2003

 Presidential Determination No. 2003-13

Memorandum for the Secretary of State

Subject: Determination Pursuant to Section 2(c)(1) of the Migration and 
Refugee Assistance Act of 1962, as Amended

    Pursuant to section 2(c)(1) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance 
Act of 1962, as amended, 22 U.S.C. 2601(c)(1), I hereby determine that 
it is important to the national interest that up to $15 million be made 
available from the U.S. Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund 
to meet unexpected urgent refugee and migration needs that would be 
anticipated in the event of a future humanitarian emergency in the 
Middle East, to include contingency planning for such needs. Such an 
emergency may arise if it becomes necessary for the United States and 
other nations to use military force to disarm the Iraqi regime of its 
weapons of mass destruction. These funds may be used, as appropriate, to 
provide contributions to international, governmental, and 
nongovernmental organizations, as well as for administrative expenses to 
manage contingency planning by the Department of State's Bureau of 
Population, Refugees, and Migration.
    You are authorized and directed to inform the appropriate committees 
of the Congress of this determination and the obligation of funds under 
this authority, and to arrange for the publication of this memorandum in 
the Federal Register.
                                                George W. Bush

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., February 4, 
2003]

Note: This memorandum was released by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on January 30, and it will be published in the Federal Register on 
February 5.