Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 32 (Monday, August 11, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 32 (Monday, August 11, 2003)]
[Pages 1039-1040]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, where 
he had his annual physical examination and visited U.S. military 
personnel injured in operations in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 3

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
members of the U.S. women's gymnastics team to congratulate them on 
winning a gold medal at the Pan American Games in the Dominican 
Republic.

August 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

August 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with Secretary of State 
Colin L. Powell and Deputy Secretary of State Richard L. Armitage.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David L. Lyon to 
be Ambassador to Kiribati.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William A. 
Chatfield to be the Director of Selective Service.

August 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a meeting and then lunch with Secretary Powell and Deputy 
Secretary Armitage.

[[Page 1040]]

August 7

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and national security 
briefings.

August 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Vice President Dick Cheney, Secretary of Defense Donald H. 
Rumsfeld, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Richard B. Myers, 
USAF, National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, and other officials to 
discuss military issues.