Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 18 (Monday, May 5, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 18 (Monday, May 5, 2003)]
[Pages 524-526]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the annual 
White House Correspondents' Association dinner in the International 
Ballroom at the Washington Hilton Hotel.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms, including high winds and freezing 
temperatures, on March 6-14.

April 28

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Dearborn, MI, where 
he participated in a roundtable discussion on the situation in Iraq with 
Iraqi Americans at the Ford Community and Performing Arts Center. Later, 
he met with William C. Ford, Jr., chairman of the board and chief 
executive officer of Ford Motor Co.; G. Richard Wagoner, Jr., president 
and chief executive officer of General Motors Corp.; and Dieter Zetsche, 
president and chief executive officer of Chrysler Group, to discuss the 
state of the economy and the President's jobs-and-growth package.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John E. Herbst to 
be Ambassador to Ukraine.

[[Page 525]]

April 29

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to discuss the situation in North 
Korea and President Roh's upcoming state visit. Later, he had a 
telephone conversation with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to 
discuss the situation in North Korea. He then had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the Homeland Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Howard L. Ganek, 
Phyllis G. Heideman, and Harlan D. Hockenberg as members of the U.S. 
Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gen. John A. 
Gordon, USAF, as Assistant to the President and Homeland Security 
Adviser.

April 30

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Republican 
congressional leaders to discuss pending legislation.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, the President welcomed Representative Ralph M. Hall of 
Texas to the White House to celebrate the Representative's 80th 
birthday.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik of Norway to the White House on May 16.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
to represent the United States at ceremonies on April 30 marking the 
60th anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising: Anthony J. Principi, who 
will lead the delegation; Christopher Hill; Benjamin Gilman; Thomas 
Bernstein; and Don Etra.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas W. 
O'Connell to be Assistant Secretary of Defense (Special Operations and 
Low Intensity Conflict).

May 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Naval Air Station North Island in Coronado, CA. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with Crown 
Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to discuss peace efforts in the Middle 
East.
    Later in the morning, at Naval Air Station North Island, the 
President had a briefing on flight procedures. He then traveled to the 
U.S.S. Abraham Lincoln off the coast of San Diego, California, where he 
met with F-18 combat pilots and had a briefing on completed Air Wing 
combat missions.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch in the ship's tower, where 
he observed F-18 launches. He then observed flight operations from the 
flight deck.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with enlisted U.S. Navy 
personnel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George A. Krol to 
be Ambassador to Belarus.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Howard Radzely to 
be Solicitor for the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Morgan Edwards to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the National Institute of 
Building Sciences.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Paul R. Corts as a 
member (Justice Representative) of the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Prison Industries, Inc.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John Hartnedy as a 
member of the Department of Defense Retirement Board of Actuaries.

May 2

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with U.S. Navy officers 
aboard the U.S.S. Abraham Lincoln.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Santa Clara, CA. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. In 
Santa Clara, he toured the United Defense Industries Ground Systems 
Division facility.
    In the afternoon, the President was joined by Prime Minister John 
Howard of Australia and his wife, Janette, and they traveled together to 
the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with Prime 
Minister and Mrs. Howard.

[[Page 526]]

    The White House announced that the President will welcome NATO 
Secretary General Lord Robertson to the White House on May 5.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome the 
Foreign Ministers of Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, 
Slovakia, and Slovenia to the White House on May 8.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard W. Erdman 
to be Ambassador to Algeria.