Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 2 (Monday, January 13, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 2 (Monday, January 13, 2003)]
[Pages 48-49]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 4

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

January 5

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.

January 6

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe ice storm on December 3-4, 2002.
    The President declared a major disaster in the Federated States of 
Micronesia and ordered Federal aid to supplement national and State 
recovery efforts in the area struck by Typhoon Pongsona on December 5-7, 
2002.

January 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Chicago, IL. In the afternoon, he returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Steven I. Cooper as 
Chief Information Officer at the Department of Homeland Security.

January 8

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met with members of the Commission 
on Excellence in Special Education.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland for lunch on January 14 to discuss key 
bilateral issues including the situation in Iraq and cooperation against 
terrorism.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by a severe ice storm on December 4-6, 2002.

January 9

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then traveled to Alexandria, VA, where he participated in a roundtable 
discussion on economic issues at the National Capital Flag Company. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The President announced the appointment of Otto J. Reich as Special 
Envoy for Western Hemisphere Initiatives.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger Francisco 
Noriega to be Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul McHale to be 
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher Ryan 
Henry to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.

[[Page 49]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate John W. Nicholson 
to be Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Memorial Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul Sarbanes, 
Michael B. Enzi, and James Shinn to be U.S. Representatives to the 
General Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ralph Martinez and 
Cynthia Costa to be Alternate U.S. Representatives to the General 
Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claudia Puig to be 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public 
Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to appoint J.C. Watts, Jr., as 
a member of the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael Rogers as a 
member of the President's Committee on Mental Retardation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John L. Marion as a 
member of the Committee for the Preservation of the White House.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alfred Plamann to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the National Consumer 
Cooperative Bank (low income cooperative representative).

January 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jiang Zemin of China concerning the situation in North Korea. 
He then had intelligence and FBI briefings and met with the National 
Security Council.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with leaders 
of the free Iraqi community.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael D. Brown 
to be Under Secretary for Emergency Preparedness and Response at the 
Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles E. 
McQueary to be Under Secretary for Science and Technology at the 
Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate Robert Jeffrey 
Glovitz as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher Columbus 
Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Lynda Hare 
Scribante as Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher 
Columbus Fellowship Foundation.