Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 6 (Monday, February 10, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 6 (Monday, February 10, 2003)]
[Pages 169-172]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 1

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, after learning of the disintegration of the Space 
Shuttle Columbia on its landing approach earlier in the day, he had a 
telephone conversation with NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe. He and Mrs. 
Bush then returned to Washington, DC.
    On his arrival in the afternoon, the President had telephone 
conversations from the Oval Office with Administrator O'Keefe and then 
family members of the seven astronauts killed in the accident. Later, in 
the Roosevelt

[[Page 170]]

Room, he had a briefing with National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, 
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge, and Office of Science and 
Technology Director John H. Marburger concerning the accident.
    Later in the afternoon, from the White House Residence, the 
President had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 
of Israel to express his condolences concerning the death of Israeli 
astronaut Ilan Ramon on the Columbia. He then had a telephone 
conversation with President Vicente Fox of Mexico, who expressed his 
condolences. Then he returned to the Oval Office, where he had separate 
telephone conversations with President Jacques Chirac of France, 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia, and Prime Minister Jean Chretien of 
Canada, all of whom expressed their condolences concerning the accident.

February 2

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan and President Jose Maria 
Aznar of Spain. He also had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister 
Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India to express his condolences concerning the 
death of Indian-born U.S. astronaut Kalpana Chawla aboard the Space 
Shuttle Columbia.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a church 
service at St. John's Episcopal Church.

February 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
met in the Oval Office with NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe to discuss 
the loss of the Space Shuttle Columbia.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Bethesda, MD, where he 
toured the Vaccine Research Center of the National Institutes of Health. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced that he will host President Gloria 
Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines for a state visit on April 2.

February 4

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia concerning the situation in Iraq. He 
then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to NASA's 
Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center in Houston, TX, where they met privately 
with family members of the astronauts killed aboard the Space Shuttle 
Columbia. In the afternoon, they returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that Prime Minister John Howard of 
Australia has accepted the President's invitation to meet on February 10 
at the White House to discuss the situations in Iraq and North Korea and 
the war on terror.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark C. Brickell 
to be Director of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight at 
the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard W. Moore 
to be Inspector General of the Tennessee Valley Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph LeBaron to 
be Ambassador to Mauritania.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Janice Obuchowski 
to the personal rank of Ambassador during her tenure as the U.S. 
Representative to the 2003 World Radiocommunications Conference.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Architectural and Transportation Barriers 
Compliance Board: Douglas Anderson, James Elekes, Denis Pratt, and 
Gwendolyn Trujillo.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on the National 
Medal of Science: Bruce N. Ames, Randolph W. Bromery, Francisco G. 
Cigarroa, Winfred M. Phillips, Peter H. Raven, Jean'ne Marie Shreeve, 
and Margaret H. Wright.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen A. Cambone 
to be Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linton F. Brooks 
to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security and Administrator for the 
National Nuclear Security Administration at the Department of Energy.

[[Page 171]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe ice storm on December 3-4, 2002.

February 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a breakfast meeting in the Oval Office with bipartisan House and 
Senate leaders to discuss the situation in Iraq. Later, he watched the 
television broadcast of Secretary of State Colin Powell's remarks at the 
United Nations concerning the situation in Iraq. Also in the morning, in 
the Oval Office, the President met with Prime Minister Leszek Miller of 
Poland.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and President Ricardo Lagos of 
Chile.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan for a meeting and lunch on February 27.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Richard Parsons and 
Martha Williamson as members of the President's Council on Service and 
Civic Participation.

February 6

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he viewed a demonstration on hydrogen fuel cell 
technology at the National Building Museum.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Ottawa, 
Canada, for a state visit on May 5, where he will meet with Prime 
Minister Jean Chretien of Canada and other officials to discuss 
bilateral and international issues.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey Shane to 
be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lino Gutierrez to 
be Ambassador to Argentina.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey Lunstead 
to be Ambassador to Sri Lanka and Maldives.
    The President announced his intention to designate Eduardo Aguierre, 
Jr., as Acting Director of the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration 
Service at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to redesignate LaSalle Doheny 
Leffall, Jr., as Chair of the President's Cancer Panel.
    The President announced his intention to designate Michael F. Duffy 
as Chairman of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President amended the emergency declaration issued for Texas on 
February 1 for the loss of the Space Shuttle Columbia, to authorize the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency to provide Federal Operations 
Support for debris removal at 100-percent Federal funding in any other 
State that the Agency determines is impacted by the accident.

February 7

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jiang Zemin of China concerning the situations in North Korea 
and Iraq, and President Zemin's condolences concerning the loss of the 
Space Shuttle Columbia on February 1. He then had CIA and FBI briefings.
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with President Jacques Chirac of France to discuss the situation in Iraq 
and peace efforts in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President signed the 2003 Economic Report of 
the President. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to designate Hansford T. 
Johnson as Acting Secretary of the Navy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John W. Snow to be 
U.S. Governor of the International Monetary Fund.

[[Page 172]]