Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 48 (Monday, December 1, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 48 (Monday, December 1, 2003)]
[Pages 1714-1715]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 1715]]

November 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Colorado Springs, CO. Upon his arrival in the afternoon 
at Peterson Air Force Base, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Diane Campbell.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Fort Carson, CO, 
where he had lunch with members of the U.S. military. Later, he met with 
families of U.S. servicemembers who died in Iraq.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Peterson Air Force 
Base and then traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

November 25

    In the morning, the President traveled to Las Vegas, NV. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. Upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Maria Konold-Soto. 
Later, at Spring Valley Hospital, he met with health care professionals 
and seniors to discuss Medicare and medical liability reform.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Maybelle Harris. Later, 
at the Los Olivos Senior Center, he met with seniors to discuss Medicare 
reform.
    In the evening, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dennis C. Shea to 
be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Policy, 
Development, and Research.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark J. Warshawsky 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger W. Wallace 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jack Edwin 
McGregor and Scott Kevin Walker to be members of the Advisory Board of 
the St. Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation.
    The President announced the appointment of James R. Wilkinson as 
Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor 
for Communications.
    The President announced the appointment of Sean McCormack as Special 
Assistant to the President and Senior Director of the National Security 
Council Press Office.

November 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with interim President Nino Burjanadze 
of Georgia to discuss political reforms in Georgia.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Baghdad, Iraq, arriving 
the following afternoon.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Premier 
Wen Jiabao of China to the White House for an official visit on December 
9.

November 27

    In the late afternoon, at Baghdad International Airport, the 
President had Thanksgiving dinner with members of the U.S. military 
stationed in Baghdad. Later, he met with four members of the Iraqi 
Governing Council and then senior U.S. military personnel stationed in 
Baghdad.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX, arriving early the next morning.

November 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.