Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 38 (Monday, September 22, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 38 (Monday, September 22, 2003)]
[Pages 1248-1249]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 13

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

September 14

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

September 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Monroe, MI, where he toured the Detroit Edison 
Powerplant.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Drexel Hill, PA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome President Vladimir Putin of Russia and Mrs. Putin to Camp David, 
MD, on September 26-27.

September 16

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
also had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the 
United Kingdom to discuss the situation in Iraq. Later, he participated 
in a roundtable interview with regional media.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
musician and activist

[[Page 1249]]

Bono to discuss U.S. contributions to AIDS relief in Africa.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a roundtable 
discussion on the Clear Skies Initiative legislation with State, local, 
and community leaders.
    In the evening, the President hosted Republican Senators at the 
White House.
    The White House announced that the President has invited President 
Nicanor Duarte Frutos of Paraguay to meet with him at the White House on 
September 26.

September 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and then 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the Roosevelt Room, the President had a 
briefing on Hurricane Isabel.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Secretary of State Colin L. 
Powell. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Benjamin A. Gilman 
to be U.S. Representative to the General Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ann M. Corkery and 
Walid Maalouf to be U.S. Alternate Representatives to the General 
Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Cabaniss 
to be Ambassador to the Czech Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roderick R. Paige 
and Louise V. Oliver to be U.S. Representatives to the General 
Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural 
Organization.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bernice Phillips 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kirk Van Tine to 
be Deputy Secretary of Transportation.

September 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush welcomed King Abdullah II and Queen Rania of Jordan to 
Camp David for an overnight visit.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Hurricane Isabel on September 18 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Isabel on September 18 and continuing.

September 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maryland and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Isabel on September 18 and continuing.