Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 35 (Monday, September 1, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 35 (Monday, September 1, 2003)]
[Pages 1124-1125]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 23

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on July 21 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in New York and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area impacted 
by a statewide power outage on August 14-16.

August 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jabir Al Sabah of Kuwait to the White House 
on September 10.
    The President announced the recess appointments of Charlotte A. Lane 
and Daniel Pearson as members of the U.S. International Trade 
Commission.
    The President announced the recess appointment of A. Paul Anderson 
as a Federal Maritime Commissioner.

[[Page 1125]]

    The President announced the recess appointment of Daniel Pipes as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
    The President announced the recess appointment of John Paul Woodley, 
Jr., as Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works.
    The President announced the recess appointments of David W. Fleming, 
Jay Phillip Greene, and John Richard Petrocik as members of the Board of 
Trustees of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced the recess appointments of Juanita Alicia 
Vasquez-Gardner and Patrick Lloyd McCrory as members of the Board of 
Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation.
    The President announced the recess appointments of Jose A. Fourquet, 
Adolfo A. Franco, and Roger Francisco Noriega as members of the Board of 
Directors of the Inter-American Foundation.
    The President announced the recess appointments of Ephraim Batambuze 
and Walter H. Kansteiner as members of the Board of Directors of the 
African Development Foundation.

August 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Minneapolis, MN. En route, aboard Air Force One, he had a 
telephone conversation with Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India 
to express his condolences and offer assistance concerning the August 25 
terrorist attacks in Mumbai, India. Upon his arrival in Minneapolis, he 
greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteers Edward and Jane Bardon.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO, where 
he greeted American Legion member and volunteer James Mareschal.
    In the evening, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Jan Peter Balkenende of the Netherlands to the White House on 
September 3 for a working breakfast.

August 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a videoconference with senior national security advisers.
    In the evening, at the Bush Ranch, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a tour and barbecue for members of the White House press corps.

August 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

August 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes on July 21-August 13.