Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 8 (Monday, February 24, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 8 (Monday, February 24, 2003)]
[Pages 228-229]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 15

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

February 16

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.

February 17

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia concerning the President's wishes 
for a successful conclusion to the Hajj pilgrimage, peace efforts in the 
Middle East, the war on terror, and the situation in Iraq.
    The President then had intelligence and FBI briefings. Later in the 
morning, he met with President Vaira Vike-Freiberga of Latvia in the 
Oval Office.

February 18

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings.

February 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with Amir 
Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani of Qatar concerning the war on terror, the 
situation in Iraq, and the President's support for political and 
economic reforms in Qatar. He also had a telephone conversation with 
President Megawati Sukarnoputri of Indonesia concerning the war on 
terror, efforts to ensure the safety of Americans in Indonesia, and the 
situation in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings and met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
journalists from the Telemundo television network.

[[Page 229]]

    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Jose Maria Aznar of Spain at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, for an 
informal dinner and working sessions on February 21-22.

February 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Marietta, GA, where, upon arrival, he met with Freedom 
Corps volunteer Robert Langley. He then traveled to Kennesaw, GA, where, 
at Carl Harrison High School, he met with small-business owners and 
employees to discuss jobs and economic growth.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha of Bulgaria to Washington, DC, on 
February 25 to discuss the situation in Iraq and other issues.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anne Rader to be a 
member of the National Council on Disability.

February 21

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. He then had a telephone conversation with Amir Jabir al-Ahmad 
al-Jabir Al Sabah and Minister of Foreign Affairs Sabah al-Ahmad al-
Jabir Al Sabah of Kuwait concerning the situation in Iraq and the 
President's congratulations on the conclusion of the Hajj.
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan concerning the 
situations in Cyprus and Iraq.
    In the evening, the President welcomed President Jose Maria Aznar of 
Spain to the Bush Ranch. Later, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner 
with President Aznar and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Heydar Aliyev of Azerbaijan at the White House on February 26.