Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 44 (Monday, November 3, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 44 (Monday, November 3, 2003)]
[Pages 1508-1509]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 25

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

October 26

    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arnold I. Havens 
to be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by wildfires on October 21 and continuing.

October 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Ion Iliescu of Romania.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
economic advisers.
    The White House announced that the President will host NATO 
Secretary General Lord Robertson for a meeting and working luncheon on 
November 12.

October 29

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Speaker 
of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, Senate Majority 
Leader Bill Frist, Senate Minority Leader Thomas A. Daschle, House 
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, and House Majority Leader Tom DeLay to 
discuss legislative priorities. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. 
He then met with the National Security Council and later with Secretary 
of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a roundtable 
discussion on Medicare with Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy 
G. Thompson, AARP President James G. Parkel, and a group of senior 
citizens.
    In the afternoon, on the South Steps, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with White House interns. Later, he traveled to 
Dallas, TX.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

[[Page 1509]]

October 30

    In the morning, the President traveled to Columbus, OH. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. Upon 
arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Leslie Gagne.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to San Antonio, TX, where, 
upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Thom Ricks.
    In the evening, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

October 31

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss reconstruction in 
Afghanistan and Iraq. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Samuel Wright 
Bodman to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eugene Welch 
Hickock, Jr., to be Deputy Secretary of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brian Carlton 
Roseboro to be Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance.