Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 21 (Monday, May 26, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 21 (Monday, May 26, 2003)]
[Pages 654-656]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 17

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

May 18

    During the day, the President returned to Washington, DC.

May 19

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
met with the

[[Page 655]]

National Security Council. Later, he met privately with President Gloria 
Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines in the Oval Office. The two 
Presidents then held an expanded bilateral meeting in the Cabinet Room.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Vice President Dick Cheney 
and Republican congressional leaders on the Truman Balcony to discuss 
proposed tax cut legislation.
    During the day, the President met with Secretary of State Colin L. 
Powell.

May 20

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority to 
discuss peace efforts in the Middle East and the war on terror. He then 
had intelligence and FBI briefings and met with the National Security 
Council.
    Later in the morning, the President met with President Rafael 
Hipolito Mejia Dominguez of the Dominican Republic in the Oval Office to 
discuss bilateral trade relations. President Bush then had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to offer 
condolences concerning the recent terrorist bombings in Israel.
    In the afternoon, the President met with the Homeland Security 
Council. Later, in recognition of Cuban Independence Day, he held a 
roundtable discussion in the Roosevelt Room with Cuban dissidents and 
former political prisoners.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to Camp David, MD, on June 24 to discuss 
regional and international issues and bilateral relations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Penrose C. 
Albright to be Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Plans, 
Programs, and Budgets.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Federal National 
Mortgage Association: Victor Henderson Ashe (community interests); Molly 
Hering Bordonaro (real estate); William Robert Harvey (mortgage 
lending); Manuel J. Justiz (public); and Taylor C. Segue III 
(homebuilding).

May 21

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to New London, CT.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Finance Minister Salam Fayyad of the Palestinian Authority to discuss 
peace efforts in the Middle East. Later, also in the Oval Office, he met 
with former Senator John Danforth, Special Envoy to the Sudan, and 
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell to discuss the peace process in the 
Sudan.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Poland, 
Russia, and France beginning May 30 to meet with foreign leaders and 
participate in the G-8 Summit in Evian-les-Bains, France.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Louis Wade Sullivan 
(who, upon appointment, will be designated Chair) and Eugene Hale as 
members of the President's Board of Advisors on Historically Black 
Colleges and Universities.

May 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone 
conversation with President Jacques Chirac of France to discuss the 
global economy, the continuing threat of international terrorism, and 
the upcoming G-8 Summit.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush greeted Prime Minister 
Junichiro Koizumi of Japan. Later, the President took Prime Minister 
Koizumi on a tour of the Bush Ranch.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with Prime 
Minister Koizumi.

May 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Luiz Inacio

[[Page 656]]

Lula da Silva of Brazil to the White House on June 20.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and high winds on May 5-8.