Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39 Issue 10 (Monday, March 10, 2003)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 39, Number 10 (Monday, March 10, 2003)]
[Pages 308-310]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 1

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

March 2

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a gala at 
Ford's Theatre.

March 3

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Alvaro Uribe of Colombia to discuss efforts to release U.S. 
citizens taken hostage by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia 
(FARC), the war on terrorism, and the situation in Iraq.
    The President then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a roundtable 
discussion with regional news reporters.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane M. Stuart to 
be Director of the Office on Violence Against Women, Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate C. Stewart 
Verdery, Jr., to be Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Border 
and Transportation Security Policy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bruce M. Carnes as 
Chief Financial Officer for the Department of Homeland Security.

March 4

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India to discuss the situations 
in Iraq and South Asia. He also had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss the March 1 Arab League 
Summit in Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt, and the upcoming Islamic Conference 
Summit in Doha, Qatar, and the situations in Iraq and the Middle East.
    The President then had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President met with leaders of the Digital 
Freedom Initiative, including Commerce Secretary Donald L. Evans, U.S. 
Agency for International Development Administrator Andrew S. Natsios, 
and Peace Corps Director Gaddi H. Vasquez.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Paul Kagame of Rwanda to discuss initiatives to combat HIV/
AIDS, the African Growth and Opportunity Act, and the situation in Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William E. 
Moschella to be Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs, 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark A. Forman as 
Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government, Office of 
Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James S. Gilmore 
III and Winston Wilkinson as members of the Board of Visitors of the 
U.S. Air Force Academy.

March 5

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with Speaker 
of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert, House Majority Leader 
Tom DeLay, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader 
Bill Frist, and Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle to discuss 
international issues.

[[Page 309]]

    Later in the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI 
briefings. He then met with the National Security Council, Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, and Gen. Tommy R. Franks, USA, Commander in 
Chief, U.S. Central Command, to discuss possible military action against 
Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
papal envoy Cardinal Pio Laghi to discuss possible U.S. military action 
against Iraq. Later, also in the Oval Office, he met with United Nations 
High Commissioner for Human Rights Sergio Vieira de Mello.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen D. Mull to 
be Ambassador to Lithuania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Wayne E. Neill to 
be Ambassador to Benin.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Thomas J. Ridge as 
a Governor of the Board of Governors of the American National Red Cross.

March 6

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, in the East Room, he met with a group of student delegates from 
the U.S. Senate Youth Program.
    In the afternoon, in the Presidential Hall at the Dwight D. 
Eisenhower Executive Office Building, the President made remarks to 
members of national health care organizations concerning health care 
initiatives.
    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
presented the National Medals of Arts for 2002.

March 7

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Chok Tong Goh of Singapore to discuss the war on terror 
and the situation in Iraq. He also had a telephone conversation with 
President Alejandro Toledo of Peru to discuss the war on terror, efforts 
to promote democracy in the Andean region, the crisis in Venezuela, and 
the situation in Iraq.
    The President then had intelligence and FBI briefings. Later, he 
dropped by a meeting between Minister of Foreign Affairs Hamad bin Jasim 
bin Jabir al Thani of Qatar and National Security Adviser Condoleezza 
Rice.
    In the afternoon, the President met privately with family members of 
the astronauts killed in the Space Shuttle Columbia accident on February 
1.
    Also in the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ralph Frank to be 
Ambassador to Croatia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William M. Bellamy 
to be Ambassador to Kenya.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Julia Bartling, 
Lowell Junkins, and Glen Klippenstein to be members of the Board of 
Directors of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary L. Jordan to 
be Commissioner of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Elizabeth Courtney 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public 
Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John W. Leslie to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the African Development 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Gene Hickok as 
Acting Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education, 
Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to designate the following 
individuals as members of the Intelligence Oversight Board: David E. 
Jeremiah, Arnold Kanter, James C. Langdon, Jr., and Brent Scowcroft.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Frank Jao and 
Marilyn Castor Machon Patillo as members of the Board of Directors of 
the Vietnam Education Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rear Adm. Marsha 
Johnson Evans, USN (Ret.), and Gen. Samuel K. Lessey, Jr., USA, as 
members of the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy.

[[Page 310]]