Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 34 (Monday, August 27, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 34 (Monday, August 27, 2007)]
[Pages 1114-1116]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1115]]



August 18

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared an emergency in Texas and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts due to the emergency 
conditions resulting from Hurricane Dean beginning on August 17 and 
continuing.

August 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a briefing on the National Intelligence Estimate. Later, he had 
briefings on Hurricane Dean and Tropical Storm Erin.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Ottawa, Canada. 
Prior to his departure from Texas State Technical College Airport in 
Waco, TX, he awarded the Office of the Secretary of Defense Medal for 
Exceptional Public Service to Harry McKillop.
    In the afternoon, at the Ottawa International Airport, the President 
participated in a greeting with Governor General Michaelle Jean of 
Canada and her husband, Jean-Daniel Lafond. Later, he traveled to 
Montebello, Canada. Upon arrival at the Fairmont Le Chateau Montebello, 
he participated in a greeting with Prime Minister Stephen Harper of 
Canada.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Ontario Room of the Fairmont Le 
Chateau Montebello, the President met with Prime Minister Harper. He 
then met with President Felipe de Jesus Calderon Hinojosa of Mexico.
    In the evening, in the Manoir Papineau--Salon Amedee of the Fairmont 
Le Chateau Montebello, the President attended a North American leaders' 
dinner.

August 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, on 
the porch of the Fairmont Le Chateau Montebello, he had a working 
breakfast with Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada and President 
Felipe de Jesus Calderon Hinojosa of Mexico. Later, in the Canada Room 
of the Fairmont Le Chateau Montebello, he met with the North American 
Competitiveness Council.
    Later in the morning, in the Curling Rink--Heritage Room, the 
President participated in a photo opportunity with Prime Minister Harper 
and President Calderon. He then participated in a North American 
leaders' meeting.
    In the afternoon, at the Ottawa International Airport, the President 
met with U.S. Embassy staff and their families. He then traveled to 
Minneapolis, MN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Jim Daly. Later, he traveled to Eden Prairie, MN.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Norm Coleman for U.S. Senate and Minnesota Republican Party reception. 
Later, he traveled to Kansas City, MO, where, upon arrival, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Janet Parks.
    The President declared an emergency in Minnesota and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area impacted 
by the bridge collapse in Minneapolis on August 1.

August 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Riverside, MO. Later, he returned to Kansas City, MO.
    Later in the morning, the President met with family members of 
military personnel killed in the war on terror.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Minnesota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on August 18 and 
continuing.

August 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Rev. Billy Graham.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the dedication 
ceremony of the Afghanistan-

[[Page 1116]]

Tajikistan Bridge on August 26: Carlos M. Gutierrez (head of 
delegation); William B. Wood; and Tracey Ann Jacobson.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to the 50th anniversary 
celebration of Malaysia's independence in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on 
August 31: Jeffrey Clay Sell (head of delegation); Christopher J. 
LaFleur; Karan K. Bhatia; and Talal Eid.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on August 18 
and continuing.