Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 15 (Monday, April 16, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 15 (Monday, April 16, 2007)]
[Pages 449-450]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 7

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had Easter dinner with 
family members.

April 8

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Fort Hood, 
TX, where they attended an Easter Sunday church service at the 13th 
Sustainment Command Chapel.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the 
Bush Ranch.

April 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Yuma, AZ, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Michael Christopher.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a briefing on 
U.S. Border Patrol use of unmanned aerial vehicles and toured the 
Mexico-U.S. border.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
in the evening.

April 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Sidi Mohamed Ould Cheikh Abdallahi of Mauritania. He 
then had an intelligence briefing. Later, he traveled to Fairfax, VA.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced that he has nominated Peter Michael McKinley 
to be Ambassador to Peru.
    The President announced that he has nominated Charles L. Hopkins III 
to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Operations, Preparedness, 
Security and Law Enforcement).

[[Page 450]]

    The President announced that he has appointed Ronald Radosh as a 
member of the Public Interest Declassification Board.
    The President announced that he has appointed Ira F. Jaffe, Annette 
M. Sandberg, and Peter W. Tredick (Chair) as members of Presidential 
Emergency Board No. 241.

April 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Senators John E. Sununu of New 
Hampshire, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, 
and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of 
Sidi Mohamed Ould Cheikh Abdallahi as President of Mauritania on April 
19: John D. Negroponte (head of delegation); Jendayi Elizabeth Frazer; 
William E. Ward; and Bobby Pittman, Jr.

April 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina to 
discuss their recent trip to Iraq.

April 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Lech Kaczynski of Poland to the White House on July 16.