Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 30 (Monday, July 30, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 30 (Monday, July 30, 2007)]
[Pages 1023-1025]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 21

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

[[Page 1024]]

July 22

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced that he has named Cynthia Bergman as Special 
Assistant to the President for Communications.
    The President announced that he has named Ann Thomas G. Johnston as 
Special Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Jason Recher as Special 
Assistant to the President and Trip Director.

July 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Charleston Air Force Base in Charleston, SC. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had separate telephone conversations with 
President Georgi Parvanov of Bulgaria to discuss the return of the 
Bulgarian nurses who were released from prison in Libya on July 24 and 
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to congratulate him on his 
party's July 22 election victory.
    Later in the morning, the President viewed the loading of cargo 
planes for shipment to Iraq. He then had lunch with military personnel.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of the 
Charleston firefighters who died on June 18. Later, he presented the 
Congressional Gold Medal to Tuskegee Airman Earl M. Middleton. He then 
returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, in the Residence, the President had dinner with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James D. McGee to 
be Ambassador to Zimbabwe.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Vincent Obsitnik 
to be Ambassador to Slovenia.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from May 28-June 2.

July 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President participated in a 
photo opportunity with the 2007 Boys and Girls Nation delegates.

July 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteers Carly and Molly Houlahan.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President participated in a 
photo opportunity with National and State Future Farmers of America 
(FFA) Organization members.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom at Camp David on July 29-30.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark M. Boulware 
to be Ambassador to Mauritania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Benjamin Eric 
Sasse to be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services (Planning 
and Evaluation).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barry L. Wells to 
be Ambassador to The Gambia.

July 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.

[[Page 1025]]