Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 1 (Monday, January 8, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 1 (Monday, January 8, 2007)]
[Pages 11-12]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 30

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

January 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Rotunda at the U.S. Capitol, the 
President and Mrs. Bush attended the public viewing of former President 
Gerald R. Ford who lay in state until his funeral on January 4. Later, 
they visited with Betty Ford, widow of President Ford, at Blair House. 
They then returned to the White House.

January 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 12]]

January 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Cabinet Room, he met with members of his Cabinet.
    In the afternoon, the President hosted a reception for Members of 
Congress and their spouses.

January 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he and Vice President Dick Cheney had a 
teleconference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with Chancellor Merkel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate P. Robert Fannin 
to be Ambassador to the Dominican Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas Menarchik 
to be Assistant Administrator (Europe and Eurasia) of the U.S. Agency 
for International Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Raymond 
Steiger to be Ambassador to Mozambique.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Howard Charles 
Weizmann to be Deputy Director of the Office of Personnel Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bradley Udall to 
be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall Scholarship 
and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to accord the personal rank of 
Ambassador to Richard M. Russell during his tenure as the U.S. 
Representative to the World Radio Communication Conference.

January 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John D. Negroponte 
to be Deputy Secretary of the Department of State.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Michael 
McConnell to be Director of National Intelligence.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas P. 
D'Agostino as Acting Under Secretary for Nuclear Security of the 
National Nuclear Security Administration at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced that he has named Mark D. Pfeifle as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser for 
Strategic Communications and Global Outreach.