Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 38 (Monday, September 24, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 38 (Monday, September 24, 2007)]
[Pages 1238-1239]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 15

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

September 16

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. Later, in the Family Theater, they hosted a screening of 
``The Kite Runner.''

September 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with 2007 Scripps National Spelling Bee champion 
Evan M. O'Dorney.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the funeral of Prime 
Minister John Compton of Saint Lucia on September 18 in Castries, Saint 
Lucia: Alphonso R. Jackson (head of delegation); and Mary Martin 
Ourisman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anita K. Blair to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael W. Hager 
to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Human Resources and 
Management).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Keith Hall to be 
Commissioner of Labor Statistics at the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael B. Mukasey 
to be Attorney General.
    The President announced his intention to designate David H. 
McCormick as a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private 
Investment Corporation.
    The President announced that he has designated Peter D. Keisler as 
Acting Attorney General.

September 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Map Room, the President participated in an 
interview with Bret Baier of FOX News.

September 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister

[[Page 1239]]

Konstandinos Karamanlis of Greece to congratulate him on his September 
17 reelection and to express his condolences for the loss of life during 
the August wildfires. Later, he had a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister Stephen Harper of Canada. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Fort Meade, MD, 
where, at the National Security Agency, he participated in a briefing on 
the implementation of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) 
reforms. He then greeted National Security Agency employees.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he participated in an interview with Michael 
Barone of U.S. News and World Report, Tony Blankley of the Washington 
Times, David Brooks of the New York Times, Ron Kessler of NewsMax 
magazine, Charles Krauthammer of the Washington Post, William Kristol of 
the Weekly Standard, and Larry Kudlow, Kathryn Lopez, and Kate O'Beirne 
of the National Review. Then, in the Oval Office, he participated in a 
photo opportunity with the 2007 Boys and Girls Clubs of America Youth of 
the Year regional finalists.

September 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

September 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President 
attended a Republican National Committee luncheon.
    The President announced that he has named Adam Belmar as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Communications for 
Production.
    The President announced that he has named Spencer Geissinger as 
Deputy Assistant to the President for Advance and Operations.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from August 19-21.