Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 51 (Monday, December 24, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 51 (Monday, December 24, 2007)]
[Pages 1632-1633]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fredericksburg, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

December 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a signing ceremony for H.R. 3315, designating the Great Hall of the 
Capitol Visitor Center as Emancipation Hall.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Israel, 
the West Bank, Kuwait, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, 
and Egypt from January 8-16, 2008.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms on December 8 and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Irene B. Brooks to 
be Chairman and Samuel W. Speck to be a Commissioner of the 
International Joint Commission of the United States and Canada.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert G. McSwain 
to be Director of the Indian Health Service within the Public Health 
Service at the Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Deanna Tanner Okun 
to be Deputy U.S. Trade Representative with the rank of Ambassador.

December 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in front of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he and 
Vice President Dick Cheney thanked Washington, DC, firefighters who 
responded to a fire in the Vice President's ceremonial office.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the National Naval 
Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, where he visited with wounded U.S. 
military personnel and presented Purple Heart medals to service members. 
He then returned to Washington, DC.

December 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President visited Walter Reed Army Medical 
Center where he met with wounded U.S. military personnel and presented 
Purple Heart medals to soldiers.

[[Page 1633]]

December 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp David, MD.