Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 40 (Monday, October 8, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 40 (Monday, October 8, 2007)]
[Pages 1297-1298]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Agreement Announced at the Six-Party Talks in Beijing

October 3, 2007

    I welcome the agreement announced today at the six-party talks in 
Beijing. Today's announcement reflects the common commitment of the 
participants in the six-party talks to realize a Korean Peninsula that 
is free of nuclear weapons.
    In September 2005, we agreed on a joint statement that charted the 
way forward toward achieving a nuclear weapons-free peninsula. In 
February 2007, the participants in the six-party talks announced a set 
of first steps toward implementing that agreement. Today's announcement 
maps out additional steps toward our ultimate goal of full and 
verifiable denuclearization.
    Under the agreement reached today, North Korea has committed that by 
the end

[[Page 1298]]

of 2007, it will provide a complete and correct declaration of all its 
nuclear programs, nuclear weapons programs, materials, and any 
proliferation activity. North Korea will get started on its commitment 
to disable all its existing nuclear facilities by disabling the core 
nuclear facilities at Yongbyon by the end of the year. North Korea also 
committed not to transfer nuclear materials, technology, or know-how 
beyond its borders.
    The other parties--including the United States--are providing 
economic and energy assistance to North Korea. Such assistance is being 
provided as North Korea carries out its commitments.
    I commend Secretary Rice, Ambassador Hill, and our negotiating team 
for their hard work and dedication to this important effort, which will 
help secure the future peace and prosperity of the Northeast Asian 
region.