Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 12 (Monday, March 26, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 12 (Monday, March 26, 2007)]
[Pages 368-369]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 17

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

March 18

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
in the afternoon.

March 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia. He then had an 
intelligence briefing and met with the National Security Council. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he and Vice President Dick Cheney participated in 
a video teleconference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq.
    In the afternoon, in the Map Room, the President participated in a 
photo opportunity with members of the Boone and Crockett Club.

March 20

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing. He then traveled to Kansas City, MO, where, upon arrival, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Rob Mullin, Jr.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fairfax, KS, where he 
toured the General Motors Fairfax Assembly Plant. Later, he traveled to 
Claycomo, MO, where he toured the Ford Motor Company--Kansas City 
Assembly Plant.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 369]]

    The President announced that he has named Julie Cram as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director of Public Liaison.
    The President announced that he has named Brent McIntosh as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Staff Secretary.
    The President announced that he has named Dan Meyer as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named David Boyer as Special 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Daniel J. Kaniewski as 
Special Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Senior 
Director for Response Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Matt Latimer as Special 
Assistant to the President for Speechwriting.
    The President announced that he has named Stacie Maass as Special 
Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.

March 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with Prime Minister Helen Clark of New Zealand. Later, in 
the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with the 2007 
White House News Photographers Association ``Eyes of History'' winners.
    Later in the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, the President met with chief executive 
officers from the Business Roundtable.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. 
Sullivan to be Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and 
Explosives at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to accord the personal rank of 
Ambassador to Thomas A. Schweich during his tenure as Coordinator for 
Counternarcotics and Justice Reform in Afghanistan.

March 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, in the State Dining Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush hosted a reception in honor of the Education Department's National 
Higher Education Transformation Summit, ``A Test of Leadership: 
Committing to Advanced Postsecondary Education for All Americans.''

March 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President 
attended a Republican National Committee luncheon. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he participated in a signing ceremony for H.R. 584, designating 
the Lyndon Baines Johnson Department of Education Building.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janet E. Garvey to 
be Ambassador to Cameroon.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George A. Krol to 
be Ambassador to Turkmenistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Lyle Laverty to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Fish and Wildlife and 
Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the Great Lakes Fishing Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Neils Marquardt 
to be Ambassador to Madagascar and Comoros.