Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 22 (Monday, June 4, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 22 (Monday, June 4, 2007)]
[Pages 736-737]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 26

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

May 27

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
on the South Portico, he met with leaders of Rolling Thunder.

May 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Arlington, VA, where they participated in a 
Memorial Day wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns in 
Arlington National Cemetery.
    In the afternoon, they returned to Washington, DC.

May 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Brunswick, GA. While 
en route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an interview with Ron 
Hutcheson of the McClatchy Company. Later, he traveled to Glynco, GA, 
where he toured the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
on the North Portico, he participated in a photo opportunity with the 
2006 Major League Soccer Cup champion Houston Dynamo.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Vietnamese democracy and human rights activists.

May 30

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President participated in an 
interview with Kim Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Situation Room, the President had a 
video teleconference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, two members of 
the Presidency Council, and Vice Presidents Tariq al-Hashimi and Adil 
Abd Al-Mahdi of Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Edison, NJ, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Chuck Wiemer.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Vladimir Putin of Russia to Kennebunkport, ME, on July 1-2.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James L. Caswell 
to be Director of the Bureau of Land Management at the Department of the 
Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William J. 
Garvelink to be Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Christian 
Kennedy to be accorded the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as 
Special Envoy for Holocaust Issues.

[[Page 737]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Roderick W. Moore 
to be Ambassador to Montenegro.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald Jay Tenpas 
to be Assistant Attorney General (Environment and Natural Resources 
Division) at the Department of Justice, and to designate him Acting.
    The President announced his intention to designate Theodore F. 
``Ted'' Stevens as Personal Representative of the President at the 47th 
International Paris Air Show.

May 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel to the White House on June 19.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David H. McCormick 
to be Under Secretary of the Treasury (International Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Commission on White House 
Fellowships: Leanna Brown; Les T. Csorba; Joseph V. Del Raso; Richard S. 
Mroz; Joseph E. Samora; Justin J. Sayfie; and Gordon D. Sondland.
    The President announced that he has named Daniel M. Price as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser for 
International Economic Affairs.

June 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he met with the Homeland Security Council to 
discuss hurricane readiness.
    The President announced that he has named Jonathan D. Felts as 
Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of Political Affairs.