Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 24 (Monday, June 18, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 24 (Monday, June 18, 2007)]
[Pages 817-819]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 9

    In the morning, in Rome, Italy, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he and Mrs. Bush went to Quirinale Palace. He then met 
with President Giorgio Napolitano of Italy.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Vatican City where he met with Pope Benedict XVI. Later, he and Mrs. 
Bush and members of the U.S. delegation met with the Pope. The President 
then met with Secretary of State Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone of the Holy 
See.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Rome, 
Italy, where they toured the Basilica of Santa Maria. Later, he went to 
Chigi Palace where he met with Prime Minister Romano Prodi of Italy. 
They then had a working lunch.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Villa 
Taverna where they met with U.S. Embassy staff and their families. 
Later, he met with former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy.

June 10

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Tirana, 
Albania, where, at the Palace of Brigades, they participated in an 
arrival ceremony with President Alfred Moisiu of Albania. He then met 
with President Moisiu.

[[Page 818]]

    Later in the morning, the President met with Albanian military 
personnel who served in Iraq. He then went to the Council of Ministers 
where he met with Prime Minister Sali Berisha of Albania.
    In the afternoon, at the Tirana-Rinas Airport, the President and 
Mrs. Bush met with U.S. Embassy staff and their families. They then 
traveled to Sofia, Bulgaria, arriving in the evening.

June 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush went to Nevsky Square where they participated in an 
arrival ceremony. Then, in Plenary Hall, he met with President Georgi 
Parvanov of Bulgaria.
    Later in the morning, the President went to the Council of Ministers 
where he met with Prime Minister Sergei Stanishev of Bulgaria.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the American 
Embassy Sofia and met with U.S. Embassy staff and their families. Later, 
they returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

June 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the U.S. Capitol where he 
participated in a Senate Republican Policy Committee lunch.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lisa E. Epifani to 
be Assistant Secretary of Energy (Congressional and Intergovernmental 
Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gracia M. Hillman 
to be a member of the Election Assistance Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gail Dennise 
Mathieu to be Ambassador to Namibia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harry K. Thomas, 
Jr., to be Director General of the Foreign Service and, upon 
confirmation, appoint him as Chairman of the Board of the Foreign 
Service at the Department of State.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bonnie McElveen-
Hunter to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the American National 
Red Cross.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on May 5-18.

June 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President met with the Congressional Global 
War on Terror Consultative Group.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the groundbreaking 
ceremony for the Museum of the History of Polish Jews in Warsaw, Poland, 
on June 26: Tevi Troy (head of delegation); Victor Henderson Ashe; 
Cheryl Feldman Halpern; and Michael M. Kaiser.

June 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Wichita, KS, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Alex Robinson.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President made remarks 
at a luncheon for senatorial candidate Pat Roberts. He then traveled to 
the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Montebello, Quebec, Canada, to meet with Prime Minister Stephen Harper 
of Canada and President Felipe de Jesus Calderon Hinojosa of Mexico at 
the North American Leaders' Summit on August 20-21.

[[Page 819]]