Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 3 (Monday, January 22, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 3 (Monday, January 22, 2007)]
[Pages 51-52]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 52]]



January 13

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

January 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    On January 14 the President declared an emergency in Oklahoma and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts in 
the area struck by severe winter storms and flooding beginning on 
January 12 and continuing.

January 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with Jim Lehrer of PBS's ``The NewsHour 
with Jim Lehrer.''
    On January 15 the President declared a major disaster in Missouri 
and ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts 
in the area struck by severe winter storms and flooding beginning on 
January 12 and continuing.

January 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Bethesda, MD, where he toured the National Institutes of 
Health laboratories.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he met with Republican Members of the House of Representatives.

January 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Map Room, the President participated in 
separate interviews with David Cassidy of Belo Television, Morris Jones 
of Sinclair Broadcasting, Sabrina Fang of Tribune Broadcasting, and 
Alison Burns of Cox Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul J. Bonicelli 
to be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development (Latin America and Caribbean).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mario Mancuso to 
be Under Secretary for Export Administration at the Department of 
Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick P. Shen to 
be Special Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair Employment Practices 
at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William B. Wood to 
be Ambassador to Afghanistan.

January 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Family Theater, he participated in a speech preparation session 
for his January 23 State of the Union Address.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
an interview with David Jackson of USA Today.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Valdas Adamkus of Lithuania to the White House on February 12.