Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 11 (Monday, March 19, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 11 (Monday, March 19, 2007)]
[Pages 344-346]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 10

    In the morning, at the Radisson Montevideo Victoria Plaza Hotel in 
Montevideo, Uruguay, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush met with U.S. Embassy staff and their families.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Anchorena 
Park where he met with President Tabare Vazquez of Uruguay.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with 
President Vazquez and his wife, Maria Auxiliadora Delgado de Vazquez. 
They then toured Anchorena Park.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the 
Radisson Montevideo Victoria Plaza Hotel. He then participated in an 
interview with Greta Van Susteren of FOX News for later broadcast.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the U.S. 
Ambassador's residence where they attended a reception for government 
and business leaders. Later, they

[[Page 345]]

returned to the Radisson Montevideo Victoria Plaza Hotel.

March 11

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Bogota, 
Colombia, arriving in the afternoon. Upon arrival, they went to Casa de 
Narino where they participated in an arrival ceremony with President 
Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia and his wife, Lina Maria Moreno de Uribe.
    Later in the afternoon, the President had a meeting followed by a 
working lunch with President Uribe. Later, he and Mrs. Bush participated 
in a briefing on alternative farm products development. They then went 
to the U.S. Embassy where they met with the staff and their families.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Guatemala 
City, Guatemala, where, upon arrival, they went to the Real 
InterContinental Guatemala hotel.

March 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush went to Carlos Emilio Leonardo School in Santa Cruz 
Balanya, Guatemala, and met with U.S. military medical readiness 
personnel. They then went to the town square where they met President 
Oscar Berger Perdomo of Guatemala and his wife, Wendy Widmann de Berger. 
They also met with Mayor Raymundo Juarez of Santa Cruz Balanya, visited 
with market vendors, and toured the Dr. Richard Carroll Municipal 
Library.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Iximche, Guatemala, where they toured Mayan ruins and attended a 
cultural performance.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the Real 
InterContinental Guatemala in Guatemala City. Later, they went to the 
National Palace where they participated in an arrival ceremony with 
President Berger and Mrs. Widmann de Berger. Later, he met with 
President Berger.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the 
Real InterContinental Guatemala where they met with U.S. Embassy staff 
and their families.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the National 
Palace where they had dinner with President Berger and Mrs. Widmann de 
Berger. Later, they traveled to Merida, Mexico, where, upon arrival, 
they went to the Hyatt Regency Merida hotel.

March 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Temozon Sur, Mexico, where they went to the 
Hacienda Temozon and toured the facility. He then met with President 
Felipe de Jesus Calderon Hinojosa of Mexico.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Uxmal, 
Mexico, where they toured the Uxmal ruins with President Calderon and 
his wife, Margarita Esther Zavala Gomez del Campo. Later, they returned 
to the Hyatt Regency Merida.
    On March 12, the President declared an emergency in Indiana and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts in 
the area struck by record snow and near record snow on February 12-14.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe freeze on January 11-17.

March 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with U.S. Embassy staff and their families.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the afternoon.
    The President declared a major disaster in Iowa and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe winter storms on February 23 to March 2.

March 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the Capitol, the President and Prime Minister 
Bertie Ahern of Ireland attended a Saint Patrick's Day luncheon hosted 
by Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi.

[[Page 346]]

    The President announced that he has nominated Henry Bonilla to be 
Permanent Representative of the United States of America to the 
Organization of American States, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced that he has nominated Hans G. Klemm to be 
Ambassador to East Timor-Leste.
    The President announced that he has nominated William R. Brownfield 
to be Ambassador to Colombia.
    The President announced that he has nominated Phillip Carter III to 
be Ambassador to Guinea.
    The President announced that he has nominated Stephen W. Porter to 
be a member of the National Council on the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint H. Gary Morse and 
A.J. Scribante as members of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Air Force 
Academy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council: Fred S. 
Zeidman (Chair); Miriam Adelson; Tom A. Bernstein; Carol B. Cohen; Joel 
M. Geiderman; Michael J. Gerson; Zvi Gitelman; and William S. Levine.

March 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with King Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia and President 
Mohammed Hosni Mubarak of Egypt.