Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 41 (Monday, October 15, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 41 (Monday, October 15, 2007)]
[Pages 1330-1332]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1331]]



October 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Camp David, MD.

October 7

    In the morning, the President traveled to Emmitsburg, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Camp David, MD.

October 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Roh Moo-hyun of South 
Korea. He then participated in a briefing on No Child Left Behind Act 
reauthorization legislation.

October 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Yamile 
Llanes Labrada and Shirlen Garcia, the wife and daughter of Cuban 
political prisoner Jose Luis Garcia Paneque, who was arrested in Cuba on 
March 18, 2003.

October 11

    In the morning, in the Situation Room, the President had a video 
teleconference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. Later, he had 
an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
an interview with the Wall Street Journal. Later, in the Library, he 
participated in an interview with Maria Bartiromo of CNBC's ``Closing 
Bell.''
    Later in the afternoon, on the South Portico, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with the Ballou Senior High School 
Marching Band of Washington, DC. Later, in the East Room, he dropped by 
a screening of ``Ballou: A Documentary Film,'' which was hosted by Mrs. 
Bush.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Simon Charles Gros 
to be Assistant Secretary of Transportation (Governmental Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Deborah K. Jones 
to be Ambassador to Kuwait.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick Francis 
Kennedy to be Under Secretary of State (Management).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph J. Murin to 
be President of the Government National Mortgage Association.
    The President announced that he has named David M. Clark as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Presidential 
Personnel.
    The President announced that he has named John P. Bailey as Special 
Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Therese Burch as Special 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Advance.
    The President announced that he has named Christopher Papagianis as 
Special Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Michael Y. Scudder, Jr., 
as Senior Associate Counsel to the President, National Security Council 
Legal Advisor, and General Counsel.

October 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Pinellas Park, FL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Brenda Guinand. Then, at a private residence, he 
attended a Republican National Committee luncheon.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Miami, FL, where he met 
with Cuban American community leaders. Later, he traveled to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Yoweri Kaguta Museveni of Uganda to the White House on October 30.

[[Page 1332]]