Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 28 (Monday, July 16, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 28 (Monday, July 16, 2007)]
[Pages 959-960]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 7

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes beginning on June 10 
and continuing.

July 8

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

July 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Arlington, VA. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, in the Map Room, the President participated in an 
interview with Georgina Carnegie for the Australian program, ``Visions 
of Leadership,'' which will air during the APEC summit in September. 
Later, at Blair House, he and Mrs. Bush attended a reception for 
Counselor to the President Daniel J. Bartlett.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robin Renee 
Sanders to be Ambassador to Nigeria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane D. Rath to 
be Assistant Secretary for Family Support at the Department of Health 
and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to designate Reuben Jeffery 
III and Howard Radzely as members of the Board of Directors of the 
Overseas Private Investment Corporation.

July 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Cleveland, OH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Gerris Farris. He then traveled to Parma, OH.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Cleveland, OH, 
where, at Slyman's Restaurant, he had lunch with community leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President toured the Cleveland Clinic. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC. Upon arrival at Andrews Air Force Base, 
he met with soldiers and marines injured in the war on terror.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the opening ceremonies 
of the XV Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on July 13: 
Michael O. Leavitt (head of delegation); Clifford M. Sobel; Donna 
Richardson Joyner; George Prescott Bush; and Luis Tiant.

July 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gene A. Cretz to 
be Ambassador to Libya.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald M. Kerr to 
be Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence at the Office of 
the Director of National Intelligence.

[[Page 960]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark Kimmitt to be 
Assistant Secretary of State (Political-Military Affairs).

    The President announced his intention to nominate John S. Bresland 
to be a member and chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard 
Investigation Board.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles Russell 
Horner Shearer to be a member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard 
Investigation Board.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas C. 
Gilliland, William H. Graves, and Susan Richardson Williams to be 
members of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Kyle E. McSlarrow, 
Ivan Seidenberg, and Mike Zafirovski as members of the President's 
National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.

    The President announced that he has designated David Longly 
Bernhardt as Acting U.S. Commissioner of the Part of the United States 
on the International Boundary Commission (U.S. and Canada).

July 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

    The White House announced that the President will meet with United 
Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon at the White House on July 17.

July 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President participated 
in an interview with Fred Barnes, Stephen F. Hayes, and William Kristol 
of the Weekly Standard; Michael Barone of U.S. News & World Report; 
Charles Krauthammer of the Washington Post; Larry Kudlow, Rich Lowry, 
and Kate O'Beirne of the National Review; and syndicated columnist 
Kathleen Parker.