Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 51 (Monday, December 24, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 51 (Monday, December 24, 2007)]
[Pages 1633-1634]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted December 19

 Richard A. Boucher,

 of Maryland, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, for the personal rank of Career Ambassador in 
recognition of especially distinguished service over a sustained period.

 William J. Burns,

 of the District of Columbia, a career member of the Senior Foreign 
Service, class of Career Minister, for the personal rank of Career 
Ambassador in recognition of especially distinguished service over a 
sustained period.

 Robert D. Jamison,

 of Virginia, to be an Under Secretary of Homeland Security.

 Robert G. McSwain,

 of Maryland, to be Director of the Indian Health Service, Department of 
Health and Human Services, for the term of 4 years, vice Charles W. 
Grim, resigned.

 Deanna Tanner Okun,

 of Idaho, to be a Deputy U.S. Trade Representative, with the rank of 
Ambassador, vice Karan K. Bhatia.

 Anne Woods Patterson,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, for the personal rank of Career Ambassador in 
recognition of especially distinguished service over a sustained period.

 C. David Welch,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, for the personal rank of Career Ambassador in 
recognition of especially distinguished service over a sustained period.

 Jamsheed K. Choksy,

of Indiana, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2014, vice Lawrence Okamura, term expiring.

 Dawn Ho Delbanco,

of New York, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2014, vice Dario Fernandez-Morera, term 
expiring.

 Gary D. Glenn,

of Illinois, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2014, vice Stephan Thernstrom, term 
expiring.

 David Hertz,

of Indiana, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2014, vice Jewel Spears Brooker, term 
expiring.

 Marvin Bailey Scott,

of Indiana, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
the remainder of the term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Thomas K. 
Lindsay, resigned.

 Carol M. Swain,

of Tennessee, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2014, vice Sidney McPhee, resigned.
 Withdrawn December 19

 Robert D. Jamison,

 of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for National Protection and 
Programs, Department of Homeland Security, vice George W. Foresman, 
resigned, which was sent to the Senate on September 4, 2007.

[[Page 1634]]