Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 7 (Monday, February 19, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 7 (Monday, February 19, 2007)]
[Pages 176-177]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 11

    In the evening, in the East Room, the President presented the Ford's 
Theatre Lincoln Medal to historians David Herbert Donald and Doris 
Kearns Goodwin. Later, he and Mrs. Bush attended a performance in honor 
of the Ford's Theatre Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Celebration.

[[Page 177]]

February 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a signing ceremony for the 2007 
Economic Report of the President. Then, in the Library, he participated 
in an interview with Steve Scully of C-SPAN.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lt. Gen. Dell L. 
Dailey, USA, to be the Coordinator for Counterterrorism with the rank 
and status of Ambassador at Large at the Department of State.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ford M. Fraker to 
be Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Craig 
Vanderwagen to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response at 
the Department of Health and Human Services.

February 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the YMCA Anthony Bowen and 
toured the facility. Later, he returned to the White House.

February 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Washington and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm, landslides, and mudslides on December 
14-15, 2006.

February 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the State Dining Room, the President met with 
members of the Congressional Black Caucus.

February 16

    In the morning, the President had a video teleconference with Prime 
Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Adm. 
William J. Fallon, USN, incoming combatant commander, U.S. Central 
Command.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bijan R. Rafiekian 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of 
the United States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eli Whitney 
Debevoise II to be U.S. Executive Director of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint J. Anthony Poleo as 
a member of the Committee for Purchase from People Who Are Blind or 
Severely Disabled (Department of Defense).