Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 18 (Monday, May 7, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 18 (Monday, May 7, 2007)]
[Pages 581-583]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 28

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Miami, FL, where, 
upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Josh Blyden. He then traveled to Key Biscayne, FL, where he attended a 
Republican National Committee luncheon at a private residence.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Miami, FL.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Jose Manuel Durao Barroso of 
the European Commission and Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, in her 
capacity as President of the European Council.
    In the afternoon, the President had a lunch meeting with President 
Durao Barroso and President Merkel. Later, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. 
Eisenhower Executive Office

[[Page 582]]

Building, he met with members of the TransAtlantic Business Dialogue.
    Later in the afternoon, on the State Floor, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with winners of the FIRST 
Competition (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Maurice S. Parker 
to be Ambassador to Swaziland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate June Carter Perry 
to be Ambassador to Sierra Leone.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kristine L. 
Svinicki to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Andrew Saul 
(Chair), Alejandro Modesto Sanchez, and Gordon James Whiting to be 
members of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee for People with 
Intellectual Disabilities: Ricardo Barraza, Jr.; Sharman Ward Dennis; 
Carmela Vargas Gonzales; Harris N. Hollin; Casey Patrick O'Halloran; 
Thomas J. Reilly; Steven C. Rhatigan; and Neil Romano.

May 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, FL, where, upon arrival, 
he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Daniel Middaugh.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a briefing at 
U.S. Central Command by Adm. William J. Fallon, USN, commander, U.S. 
Central Command; Gen. Bryan D. ``Doug'' Brown, USA, commander, U.S. 
Special Operations Command; and Gen. David H. Petraeus, USA, commanding 
general, Multi-National Force--Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of military 
personnel killed in Iraq. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides on April 
14-18.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and tornadoes on April 21-24.

May 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a breakfast meeting with President Alvaro Uribe Velez of 
Colombia.
    In the afternoon, the President had a lunch meeting with President 
Ali Abdallah Salih of Yemen.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Rene Garcia Preval of Haiti to the White House on May 9.

May 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tevi David Troy to 
be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kerry N. Weems to 
be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services at the 
Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cameron R. Hume to 
be Ambassador to Indonesia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bradford P. 
Campbell to be Assistant Secretary of Labor (Pension and Welfare 
Benefits).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles E. F. 
Millard to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bartholomew H. 
Chilton to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jill E. Sommers to 
be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Palmer and 
Stan Z. Soloway to be members of the Board of Directors of

[[Page 583]]

the Corporation for National and Community Service.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Lorne W. Craner to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Millennium Challenge 
Corporation.

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Committee for Purchase from People Who Are 
Blind or Severely Disabled: Kathleen A. James; Paul M. Laird; Patrick 
Leahy; James Omvig; Alan S. Thompson; and Edward W. Walters III.

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Cultural Property Advisory Committee: Joan 
Breton Connelly; Winton S. Holladay; Robert Bruce Korver; and Katharine 
Lee Reid.

May 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

    In the afternoon, on the Oval Office Patio, the President 
participated in an interview with the BBC.

    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Toomas Ilves of Estonia to the White House on June 25.

    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Restoration for 
Devolved Government in Northern Ireland in Belfast, United Kingdom: 
Paula J. Dobriansky (head of delegation); Thomas C. Foley; Edward M. 
Kennedy; Howard Dean Pittman; and Richard F. Powers III.

    The President announced his intention to nominate William G. Sutton 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce (Manufacturing and Services).

    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on April 15-21.