Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 16 (Monday, April 23, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 16 (Monday, April 23, 2007)]
[Pages 504-505]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 14

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

April 15

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

April 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of 
Iraq. He then had a telephone conversation with Attorney General Alberto 
R. Gonzales.
    In the afternoon, the President had a briefing on the shootings at 
Virginia Tech.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Reuben Jeffery III 
to be Under Secretary of State (Economic, Energy, and Agricultural 
Affairs), and to be U.S. Alternate Governor of the following 
organizations: the International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development; the Inter-American Development Bank; the African 
Development Bank; the African Development Fund; the Asian Development 
Bank; and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.

April 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he participated in a meeting with families to 
discuss taxes.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Blacksburg, VA. He then met with Charles W. Steger, president, Virginia 
Polytechnic Institute and State University. Later, at Cassell Coliseum, 
the President and Mrs. Bush met with survivors and family members of 
victims of the Virginia Tech shootings of April 16.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush visited and 
added their names to a campus memorial for the victims of the Virginia 
Tech shootings. He then participated in separate interviews with Katie 
Couric of CBS News, Brian Williams of NBC News, and Charles Gibson of 
ABC News. Later, he and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC.

April 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he toured the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum.
    In the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
congressional leaders to discuss emergency supplemental appropriations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frederick B. Cook 
to be Ambassador to the Central African Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph A. Ereli to 
be Ambassador to Bahrain.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard B. Norland 
to be Ambassador to Uzbekistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alan J. Patricof 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Millennium Challenge 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Phillip Jackson 
Bell, Franklin G. Gale, and Lee J. Lofthus as members of the Board of 
Directors of the Federal Prison Industries, Inc.

April 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Dayton, OH, where, 
upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Bob Rehmert.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Tipp City, OH. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC. He then had a telephone 
conversation with Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales.

[[Page 505]]

April 20

    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, he traveled to Grand Rapids, MI, where, upon arrival in the 
afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Chuck Hinken. He then 
traveled to East Grand Rapids, MI.

    Later in the afternoon, the President met with family members of 
soldiers killed in Iraq. He then visited the gravesite of President 
Gerald R. Ford. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

    The President announced that he has named Thomas P. Bossert as 
Special Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Senior 
Director for Preparedness Policy.

    The President announced that he has named Elizabeth H. Dial as 
Special Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental 
Affairs.

    The President announced that he has named Eric Draper as Special 
Assistant to the President and White House Photographer.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
flooding on March 16-18.