Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 9 (Monday, March 5, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 9 (Monday, March 5, 2007)]
[Pages 244-246]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will host 
King Abdallah II and Queen Rania of Jordan for a private dinner at the 
White House on March 6.

[[Page 245]]

February 25

    In the evening, in the East Room, the President and Mrs. Bush 
attended a performance by entertainer Ronan Tynan.

February 26

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Alan Garcia Perez of Peru. He then had an intelligence 
briefing.

    In the afternoon, the President dropped by a meeting between 
National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley and members of Lebanon's 
March 14 coalition.

    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
received the annual report of the Boy Scouts of America.

February 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Senators Pete V. Domenici and Jeff Bingaman and Representatives John D. 
Dingell and Joe Barton to discuss energy legislation.

    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President met with Rear Adm. 
Stephen W. Rochon, USCG, who he named as Director of the Executive 
Residence and Chief Usher.

    The President announced that he has named Dennis Freemyer as Deputy 
Director of the Executive Residence and Deputy Chief Usher.
    The President announced his intention to nominate T. Timothy Ryan to 
be Under Secretary of the Treasury (International Affairs).

February 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with Andrew Roberts, author of ``A History of the English-Speaking 
Peoples Since 1900.'' Later, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, he met with a congressional consultative 
group on the war on terror.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Helen Clark of New Zealand to the White House on March 21.

March 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Gulfport, MS, where, at the Trent Lott National Guard 
Training Center, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Alan Petz. He 
then traveled to Long Beach, MS, where he toured a neighborhood and 
visited homes that had been rebuilt after being damaged by Hurricane 
Katrina. Later, he traveled to Biloxi, MS.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA, where, 
at Lil' Dizzy's Cafe, he had lunch with elected officials and community 
leaders. Later, he went to Samuel J. Green Charter School where he 
toured the school and met with students.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he had separate telephone 
conversations with Gov. Bob Riley of Alabama and Gov. Matt Blunt of 
Missouri.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael E. Baroody 
to be Chairman and member of the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick D. Duddy 
to be Ambassador to Venezuela.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David G. Nason to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Financial Institutions).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Blake G. Hall and 
John Stringer Rainey as members of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. 
Military Academy.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Accra, Ghana, to attend the 
50th Anniversary of Independence, March 5-7: Alphonso R. Jackson (head 
of delegation); Pamela E. Bridgewater; John J. Danilovich; Ronald A. 
Tschetter; Jendayi Elizabeth Frazer; and R. Timothy Ziemer.

[[Page 246]]

March 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on the tornado damage in Alabama, Georgia, and Missouri. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia. 
Later, in the Yellow Oval Room, he met with Members of the Senate.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New Albany, IN. Later, 
he toured Silver Street Elementary School.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Louisville, KY, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Lea 
Fischbach. Later, he met with students from the McConnell Center.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil to Camp David on March 31.