Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 45 (Monday, November 12, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 45 (Monday, November 12, 2007)]
[Pages 1482-1483]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 3

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

November 4

    During the day, the President returned to Washington, DC.

November 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President participated in a 
photo opportunity with the U.S. Walker Cup team.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles A. Gargano 
to be Ambassador to Austria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Ann Glendon 
to be Ambassador to the Holy See.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric J. Tanenblatt 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Elizabeth F. 
Bagley, Victoria Clarke, and William J. Hybl to be members of the U.S. 
Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy.

November 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, on the North Portico, the President and Mrs. Bush 
greeted President Nicolas Sarkozy of France. Later, in the East Room, 
they hosted entertainment for President Sarkozy.

November 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Hamid Karzai of 
Afghanistan to express his condolences for the loss of life due to the 
November 6 suicide bombing in Baghlan Province. He then had a telephone 
conversation with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan.
    In the afternoon, the President and President Nicolas Sarkozy of 
France traveled to President George Washington's Estate in Mount Vernon, 
VA, where they met in the Large Dining Room and toured the grounds. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

November 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Houston, TX, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Patrick Kuykendall and the crew of the space shuttle 
Discovery. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had separate 
telephone conversations with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel and 
Poland's Ambassador to Iraq Gen. Edward Pietrzyk, who was wounded in 
Iraq on October 3.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Texans for Senator John Cornyn and Texas Victory reception. Later, he 
traveled to San Antonio, TX, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Gloria Sanchez. He then

[[Page 1483]]

toured the Center for the Intrepid at Brooke Army Medical Center.
    Later in the afternoon, at a private residence, the President 
attended a fundraiser for Senator John Cornyn.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Beth Long to 
be Assistant Secretary of Defense (International Security Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia M. 
Haslach to be accorded the rank of Ambassador during the performance of 
her duties as U.S. Senior Coordinator for the Asia-Pacific Economic 
Cooperation (APEC) forum.

November 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a social dinner 
for Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and her husband, Joachim Sauer.