Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 21 (Monday, May 28, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 21 (Monday, May 28, 2007)]
[Pages 684-686]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted May 21

 Thomas P. D'Agostino,

 of Maryland, to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, Department of 
Energy, vice Linton F. Brooks, resigned.

 Charles W. Grim,

 of Oklahoma, to be Director of the Indian Health Service, Department of 
Health and Human Services, for the term of 4 years (reappointment).

[[Page 685]]

 Eric G. John,

 of Indiana, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Kingdom of Thailand.
 Submitted May 22

 Diane Auer Jones,

 of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education, 
Department of Education, vice Sally Stroup, resigned.

 Jerome F. Kever,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term 
expiring August 28, 2008 (reappointment).

 Anne Woods Patterson,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.

 Michael Schwartz,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term 
expiring August 28, 2012 (reappointment).

 Virgil M. Speakman, Jr.,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term 
expiring August 28, 2009 (reappointment).
 Submitted May 23

 Ondray T. Harris,

 of Virginia, to be Director, Community Relations Service, for a term of 
4 years, vice Sharee M. Freeman.
 Withdrawn May 23

 Michael E. Baroody,

 of Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety 
Commission for a term of 7 years from October 27, 2006, vice Harold D. 
Stratton, resigned, which was sent to the Senate on March 5, 2007.

 Michael E. Baroody,

 of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 
vice Harold D. Stratton, resigned, which was sent to the Senate on March 
5, 2007.
 Submitted May 24

 Diane G. Farrell,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-
Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2011, 
vice Joseph Max Cleland, term expired.

 Henrietta Holsman Fore,

 of Nevada, to be Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development, vice Randall L. Tobias, resigned.

 Preston M. Geren,

 of Texas, to be Secretary of the Army, vice Francis J. Harvey, 
resigned.

 James W. Holsinger, Jr.,

 of Kentucky, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public 
Health Service, subject to qualifications therefor as provided by law 
and regulations, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service 
for a term of 4 years, vice Richard H. Carmona, term expired.

 Michael W. Michalak,

 of Michigan, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.

 William J. Powell,

 of West Virginia, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District 
of West Virginia, vice W. Craig Broadwater, deceased.

 Robert Charles Tapella,

 of Virginia, to be Public Printer, vice Bruce R. James, retired.

 Amul R. Thapar,

 of Kentucky, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Kentucky, vice Joseph M. Hood, retiring.

[[Page 686]]