Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 37 (Monday, September 17, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 37 (Monday, September 17, 2007)]
[Pages 1210-1212]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 8

    In the morning, at the InterContinental Sydney in Sydney, Australia, 
the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, in the Club 
InterContinental Lounge of the InterContinental Sydney, he had a working 
breakfast with Prime Minister John Howard of Australia and Prime 
Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Sydney Opera 
House, where, in the Concert Hall Southern Foyer, he participated in an 
official welcome with Prime Minister Howard. Then, in the Utzon Room, he 
participated in the APEC Leaders Dialogue with the APEC Business 
Advisory Council.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with APEC leaders. Then, at the Guillaume at Bennelong Restaurant, he 
had lunch with APEC leaders. Later, he participated in the APEC Leaders 
official photograph.
    Later in the afternoon, in The Studio, the President participated in 
APEC Leaders Retreat I.

[[Page 1211]]

    In the evening, in the Concert Hall, the President attended a 
cultural performance. Later, on the Granite level of the Concert Hall 
Northern Foyer, he viewed a fireworks display and the Parade of Tall 
Ships. He then participated in the APEC Official Leaders dinner.
    Later in the evening, the President traveled to Hickam Air Force 
Base, HI, crossing the international dateline and arriving in the 
morning, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Caroline Tom. In the afternoon, he traveled to Naval Station Pearl 
Harbor, where, in the dining room of the Admiral's residence, he had 
lunch with military commanders. He then returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving the following morning.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and a tornado from August 26-27.

September 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of 
Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Secretary of Health and 
Human Services Michael O. Leavitt to discuss the initial report by the 
Interagency Working Group on Import Safety.

September 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at St. John's Episcopal Church, he attended a service of prayer and 
remembrance to commemorate the sixth anniversary of the September 11, 
2001, terrorist attacks. Then, at 8:46 a.m., on the South Lawn, he and 
Mrs. Bush participated in a moment of silence to honor the anniversary 
of the attacks.
    The President announced that he has named Henry C. Lozano as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director of USA Freedom Corps.

September 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Family Theater, he participated in a speech preparation session 
for his September 13 address to the nation.
    In the afternoon, in the Family Theater, the President participated 
in a speech preparation session for his September 13 address to the 
Nation.
    The President announced that he has nominated Daniel V. Speckhard to 
be Ambassador to Greece.
    The President announced that he has nominated Thomas F. Stephenson 
to be Ambassador to Portugal.
    The President announced that he has nominated William H. Frist and 
Kenneth Francis Hackett to be members of the Millennium Challenge 
Corporation.
    The President announced that he has nominated William Delahunt, 
George E. Pataki, and Ted Poe to be U.S. Representatives to the 62d 
Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced that he has nominated Kelly G. Knight and 
Rodger D. Young to be Alternate U.S. Representatives to the 62d Session 
of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts: Judith Ann Eisenberg; David Girard-
diCarlo; C. Michael Kojaian; Donna Garff Marriott; William C. Powers; 
and Joseph E. Robert, Jr.

September 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with the 2007 
Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award recipients.

September 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Marine Corps Base Quantico in Quantico, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. He then 
traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President declared a major disaster in Iowa and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding from August 17-September 5.

[[Page 1212]]