Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 8 (Monday, February 26, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 8 (Monday, February 26, 2007)]
[Pages 206-207]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to President George Washington's Estate in 
Mount Vernon, VA, where they toured the grounds and participated in a 
wreath-laying ceremony at President Washington's tomb.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

February 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dennis W. Carlton 
as a member of the Antitrust Modernization Commission (Government 
Representative).
    The President announced his intention to designate Clay Lowery as 
the Acting U.S. Executive Director of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.

February 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Chattanooga, TN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Debbie Chadwick. He then went to Erlanger 
Hospital--Baroness Campus, where he toured the facility.
    In the afternoon, the President went to Porkers Bar-B-Que, where he 
had lunch and

[[Page 207]]

met with patrons. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of El Salvador to the White House on 
February 27.

February 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Morrisville, NC, where, at the Raleigh-Durham 
International Airport, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jamie 
Lathan. He then traveled to Franklinton, NC, where he toured Novozymes 
North America, Inc.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will host the annual 
U.S.-EU Summit in Washington, DC, on April 30.
    The President announced his intention to nominate S. Ward Casscells 
to be Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claude M. 
Kicklighter to be Inspector General of the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Charles 
Ostendorff to be Principal Deputy Administrator of the National Nuclear 
Security Administration.
    The President announced his intention to designate Dennis R. 
Spurgeon as Acting Under Secretary of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas J. Barrett 
as Acting Deputy Secretary of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Kimberly A. Owens 
as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher Columbus 
Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James H. Herring as 
a member of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher Columbus Fellowship 
Foundation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oregon and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm and flooding on December 14-15, 2006.

February 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he met with transportation fuel experts and 
researchers to discuss alternative fuel sources.
    The President declared a major disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding on November 16-17, 2006.
    The President declared an emergency in New York and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
record snow and near record snow on February 2-12.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on February 12-13.