Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 21 (Monday, May 28, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 21 (Monday, May 28, 2007)]
[Pages 683-684]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 19

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

May 20

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush welcomed Secretary 
General Jakob Gijsbert ``Jaap'' de Hoop Scheffer of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization and his wife, Jeannine de Hoop Scheffer-van 
Oorschot.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with 
Secretary General de Hoop Scheffer and Mrs. de Hoop Scheffer-van 
Oorschot.

May 21

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. He then had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he met with Secretary General Jakob Gijsbert ``Jaap'' 
de Hoop Scheffer of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with 
Secretary General de Hoop Scheffer and his wife, Jeannine de Hoop 
Scheffer-van Oorschot.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. While en route aboard Air Force One, he participated in 
an interview with Steve Holland of Reuters.

May 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Cabinet Room, he met with Republican Members of Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ondray T. Harris 
to be Director of the Community Relations Service at the Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane Auer Jones 
to be Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education at the Department 
of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anne Woods 
Patterson to be Ambassador to Pakistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Schwartz 
to be member at large and Chairman of the Railroad Retirement Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jerome F. Kever to 
be a member of the Railroad Retirement Board (representing carriers).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Virgil M. 
Speakman, Jr., to be a member of the Railroad Retirement Board 
(representing employees).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles E. F. 
Millard as Interim Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission for the Preservation of 
America's Heritage Abroad: Linda Leuchter Addison; Ronald H. Bloom; Amy 
S. Epstein; Tyrone Fahner; Andrew M. Klein; Michael A. Menis; Warren 
Lloyd Miller; Harriet Rotter; Steven Edward Some; and Robert Zarnegin.

[[Page 684]]

    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on May 4 and 
continuing.

May 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with members of the U.S. Navy Blue Angels. He 
then traveled to New London, CT, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Charles R. England.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of U.S. 
military personnel killed in the war on terror. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced that he has appointed Noel J. Francisco as a 
member of the District of Columbia Commission on Judicial Disabilities 
and Tenure.

May 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he 
met with the Chinese delegation to the U.S.-China Strategic Economic 
Dialogue.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with recipients of the 2006 President's ``E'' Award 
and ``E'' Star Award for Export Achievement.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane G. Farrell 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of 
the United States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Preston M. Geren 
to be Secretary of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James W. 
Holsinger, Jr., to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the 
Public Health Service and Surgeon General of the Public Health Service 
at the Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael W. 
Michalak to be Ambassador to Vietnam.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Charles 
Tapella to be the Public Printer.

May 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, where 
he visited with wounded military personnel and presented Purple Heart 
medals to five soldiers.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, flooding, mudslides, and rockslides on 
April 14-15.
    The President declared a major disaster in Rhode Island and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and inland and coastal flooding on April 15-16.
    The President declared a major disaster in Iowa and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes on May 5-7.