Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 32 (Monday, August 13, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 32 (Monday, August 13, 2007)]
[Pages 1068-1069]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 4

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he traveled to Minneapolis, MN, where he took an aerial 
tour of the damaged Interstate 35W bridge. He then took a walking tour 
of the affected area.
    Later in the morning, the President met with family members of 
victims of the bridge collapse.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Camp David, MD.

August 5

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush welcomed President 
Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with 
President Karzai.

August 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

August 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Secretary of Defense 
Robert M. Gates, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, and his Defense 
Policy and Programs and Foreign Policy teams.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister John Howard of Australia.

August 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Gov. Jon M. Huntsman, Jr., of Utah 
to discuss the situation in the Crandall Canyon Mine.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Treasury 
Department. He then had lunch with his economic advisers.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Barry Bonds, left fielder, San Francisco Giants, to congratulate him on 
breaking the Major League Baseball career home run record. He then 
participated in separate interviews with Neil Cavuto of FOX News and 
economic reporters.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to the White House.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome President Nicolas Sarkozy of France to Kennebunkport, ME, for a 
private lunch on August 11.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the funeral of former 
Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa of Japan on August 28: J. Dennis Hastert 
(head of delegation); and John Thomas Schieffer.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding on July 11-12.

August 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Bush 
family home in Kennebunkport, ME.

August 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 1069]]