Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 40 (Monday, October 8, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 40 (Monday, October 8, 2007)]
[Page 1313]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

October 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Myer, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 2

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Vice President Dick 
Cheney, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, Assistant Secretary of 
State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Christopher R. Hill, Under 
Secretary of Defense for Policy Eric S. Edelman, White House Chief of 
Staff Joshua B. Bolten, and National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley 
to discuss the six-party talks. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. 
Then, in the Oval Office, he met with President Jalal Talabani of Iraq.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
Tropical Storm Erin from August 14-20.

October 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Lancaster, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Kennedy Kulish.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of a soldier 
killed in the war on terror. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

October 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the Vilnius Energy 
Security Conference on October 10-11 in Vilnius, Lithuania: Jeffrey Clay 
Sell (head of delegation); John A. Cloud; and Karen Alderman Harbert.

October 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Hay-Adams Hotel, the President and Mrs. Bush 
attended a reception to celebrate the publication of Jenna Bush's book, 
``Ana's Story: A Journey of Hope.''
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia to the White House on October 18.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Joseph Kabila of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the White House 
on October 26.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gus P. Coldebella 
as General Counsel at the Department of Homeland Security.