Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 27 (Monday, July 9, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 27 (Monday, July 9, 2007)]
[Pages 910-911]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 30

    In the morning, at the Bush family home in Kennebunkport, ME, the 
President had an intelligence briefing. He then had briefings on the 
attempted terrorist attacks in London, England, and Glasgow, Scotland.

July 1

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush welcomed President 
Vladimir Putin of Russia.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a social dinner 
for President Putin.

July 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a social 
luncheon for President Vladimir Putin of Russia. Later, they returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
impacted by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 26 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on June 19.

July 3

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, President Jalal Talabani, and Vice 
Presidents Adil Abd Al-Mahdi and Tariq al-Hashimi of Iraq. He then had 
an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President went to Walter Reed Army Medical 
Center where

[[Page 911]]

he visited with wounded U.S. military personnel and presented Purple 
Heart medals to three soldiers.

July 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Martinsburg, WV. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President attended a dinner and party hosted by 
Mrs. Bush in celebration of his upcoming birthday. Later, they viewed 
the Independence Day fireworks display on the National Mall from the 
White House.

July 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President attended a Washington Nationals 
baseball game to celebrate his upcoming birthday.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stuart Ishimaru to 
be a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel D. Heath to 
be U.S. Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund.

July 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush went to Camp David, MD.