Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 10 (Monday, March 12, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 10 (Monday, March 12, 2007)]
[Pages 297-298]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Enterprise, AL, where he took an aerial tour of the area 
damaged by tornadoes on March 1. Later, he met with families whose homes 
were damaged by the tornadoes.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Americus, GA, where, 
upon arrival in the afternoon, he took an aerial tour of the damaged 
area. He then participated in a briefing on tornado damage and met with 
affected families.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on March 1.
    The President declared a major disaster in Georgia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on March 1-2.

March 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President met with Foreign Service officers.

March 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President watched the 
verdict read in the trial of former Chief of Staff to the Vice President 
I. Lewis Libby.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with King 
Abdallah II and Queen Rania of Jordan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph Timothy 
Kelliher to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and 
to redesignate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to designate Kerri Layne 
Briggs as Acting Assistant Secretary of Education for Elementary and 
Secondary Education and to nominate her to be Assistant Secretary of 
Education for Elementary and Secondary Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas G. Myers, 
Jeffrey Patchen, and Lotsee Patterson to be members of the National 
Museum and Library Sciences Board.

March 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to DAR 
Constitution Hall, where he made remarks to political appointees and 
Federal Government employees. Later, they returned to the White House.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
congressional leaders.

[[Page 298]]

March 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Sao Paulo, Brazil, arriving in the evening. 
Upon arrival, they met with Brazil's Ambassador to the U.S. Antonio de 
Aguiar Patriota and U.S. Ambassador to Brazil Clifford M. Sobel.

March 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he greeted U.S. Embassy staff and their families.
    Later in the morning, the President went to Petrobras Transporte 
S.A. Facility, where he toured the facility and participated in a 
briefing on biofuel technology.
    In the afternoon, the President had a lunch meeting with President 
Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Meninos 
do Morumbi, where they toured the facility with founder Flavio Pimenta 
and watched a performance.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Montevideo, 
Uruguay.
    The White House announced that, to commemorate Saint Patrick's Day, 
the President will host Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland at the 
White House on March 16.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dale Cabaniss to 
be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority and, upon 
confirmation, redesignate him as Chair.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol Waller Pope 
to be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the U.S. 
Institute of Peace: Anne Cahn; Kathleen Martinez; Bruce Pitcairn 
Jackson; George E. Moose; and Jeremy Rabkin.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Commission on Care for 
America's Returning Wounded Warriors: Marc A. Giammatteo; Jose R. Ramos; 
Tammy L. Edwards; Kenneth Fisher; C. Martin Harris; Edward A. Eckenhoff; 
and Gail R. Wilensky.