Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 23 (Monday, June 11, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 23 (Monday, June 11, 2007)]
[Pages 768-770]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Prague, Czech Republic, arriving in the 
evening. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone 
conversation with Parliament Member Saad Hariri of Lebanon.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Hilton Atrium Hotel Prague.

June 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Grand Ballroom of the Hilton Atrium Hotel Prague, he and Mrs. 
Bush met with U.S. Embassy staff and their families.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Prague 
Castle, where, on the First Courtyard, they participated in an arrival 
ceremony with President Vaclav Klaus of the Czech Republic and his wife, 
Livia Klausova. Then, in the Hapsburg Salon, they participated in a 
photo opportunity and met with President Klaus and Mrs. Klausova.
    In the afternoon, in Rudolph's Gallery, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a social luncheon with President Klaus and Mrs. 
Klausova. He then returned to the Hilton Atrium Hotel Prague.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with Social Democratic 
Party leader Jiri Paroubek of the Czech Republic. He and Mrs. Bush then 
traveled to Czernin Palace. Later, in the Music Salon, they met with 
democracy advocates.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Rostock, 
Germany. While en route aboard Air Force One, he was informed of the 
sentence handed down in the trial of former Chief of Staff to the Vice 
President I. Lewis ``Scooter'' Libby.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Heiligendamm, Germany, where, upon arrival, they went to the Kempinski 
Grand Hotel Heiligendamm.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of 
Amadou Toumani Toure as President of Mali on June 8: Mike Johanns (head 
of delegation); Josephine K. Olsen; Morgan W. Davis; Mary Beth Leonard; 
Steven Phillips; and Judy Van Rest.

June 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Chancellor Angela 
Merkel of Germany.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush met with musicians and 
activists Bono, Sir Robert Geldof, and Youssou N'Dour. Later, they 
traveled to Hohen Luckow, Germany. They then went to the Gut Hohen 
Luckow estate, where they attended a reception, entertainment, and a 
dinner for G-8 leaders and their spouses hosted by Chancellor Merkel and 
her husband, Joachim Sauer.

[[Page 769]]

    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the 
Kempinski Grand Hotel Heiligendamm in Heiligendamm, Germany.
    The President announced that he has nominated Douglas A. Brook to be 
Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management).
    The President announced that he has nominated Mark Green to be 
Ambassador to Tanzania.
    The President announced that he has nominated David W. Hagy to be 
Director of the National Institute of Justice at the Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced that he has nominated Wanda L. Nesbitt to be 
Ambassador to Cote d'Ivoire.
    The President announced that he has appointed Kenneth B. Mehlman as 
a member of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes on May 4-19.

June 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a breakfast meeting with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United 
Kingdom. He then participated in G-8 summit meetings.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in the G-8 summit 
official photograph. He then met with Junior 8 student leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with G-8 
leaders. He then participated in G-8 summit meetings.
    In the evening, the President attended a reception for G-8 leaders. 
He then had a working dinner with G-8 leaders.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had after dinner 
coffee with 
G-8 leaders.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Nguyen Minh Triet of Vietnam to the White House on June 22.

June 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with President Nicolas Sarkozy of France.
    Later in the morning, the President met with President Hu Jintao of 
China. He then participated in G-8 summit meetings with outreach country 
representatives.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with outreach country representatives. He then had a working lunch with 
G-8 leaders, Africa outreach representatives, and outreach country 
representatives.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Gdansk, Poland, where, at the Gdansk Lech Walesa International Airport, 
they were greeted by President Lech Kaczynski of Poland and his wife, 
Maria Kaczynska. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Presidential 
Retreat in Jurata Hel, Poland, where they participated in an arrival 
ceremony with President Kaczynski and Mrs. Kaczynska. He then met with 
President Kaczynski. Later, he had a working dinner with President 
Kaczynski.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Gdansk Lech 
Walesa International Airport. Later, they traveled to Rome, Italy, 
where, upon arrival, they went to the Villa Taverna.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas J. Barrett 
to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation.
    The President announced that he has named J. Michael Farren as 
Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named William Burck as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Special Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Emmet Flood as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Special Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Scott Coffina as Associate 
Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Amy F. Dunathan as 
Associate Counsel to the President.

[[Page 770]]

    The President announced that he has named Francis Q. Hoang as 
Associate Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Al Lambert as Associate 
Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Michael Purpura as 
Associate Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Kate Todd as Associate 
Counsel to the President.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 4-11.