Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 48 (Monday, December 3, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 48 (Monday, December 3, 2007)]
[Pages 1546-1547]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 24

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

November 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister 
Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with former 
Vice President Al Gore. Later, in the Oval Office, he participated in a 
photo opportunity with 2007 Nobel Prize recipients Mario R. Capecchi, 
Oliver Smithies, Eric S. Maskin, Roger B. Myerson, Al Gore, Susan 
Solomon, Sharon L. Hays, and Harlan L. Watson.

November 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, MD, where, at 
Buchanan House, he greeted and met with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of 
Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian 
Authority.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Chairman Abdul Aziz al-Hakim of the 
Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq. Then, also in the 
Oval Office, he participated in an interview with the Associated Press.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Abigail Thernstrom 
as a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights and, upon 
appointment, to redesignate her as Vice Chairperson.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter N. Kirsanow 
as a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.

November 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Yang Jiechi 
of China.

[[Page 1547]]

    The President announced that he has named Terri Teuber Moore as 
Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Communications 
for Policy and Planning.
    The President announced that he has named Luke R. Frans as Special 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Political Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Robert P. Kadlec as 
Special Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Senior 
Director for Biological Defense Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Marie O'Neill Sciarrone as 
Special Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Senior 
Director for Cybersecurity and Information Sharing Policy.

November 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with the U.S. 
Solheim Cup women's golf team.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Arlington, VA. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President attended a holiday reception.

November 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Mount Airy, MD, where, at the Calvary 
United Methodist Church, they participated in a meeting on World AIDS 
Day.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President attended a holiday reception.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas 
struck by severe storms and flooding from August 15-27.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonathan Steven 
Adelstein to be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael E. Fryzel 
to be a member of the National Credit Union Administration Board and, 
upon confirmation, to designate him as Chairperson.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David R. Hill to 
be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (Air 
and Radiation).

    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles W. Larson, 
Jr., to be Ambassador to Latvia.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Francis Mulvey to 
be a member of the Surface Transportation Board.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter W. Tredick as 
a member of the Presidential Emergency Board No. 242 and, upon 
appointment, to designate him as Chair.

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Presidential Emergency Board No. 242: Ira 
F. Jaffe; Joshua M. Javits; Annette M. Sandberg; and Helen Mercer Witt.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Edward F. Crawford 
and Linda Maynor as members of the Board of Governors of the United 
Service Organizations, Inc.

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Architectural and Transportation Barriers 
Compliance Access Board: Douglas Anderson; John Gunnar Box; Ronald J. 
Gardner; James R. Harding II; Neil K. Melick; and Gary Leonard Talbot.

    The President announced his intention to designate Grace C. Becker 
as Acting Assistant Attorney General (Civil Rights).

    The President announced his intention to designate Nelson M. Ford as 
Acting Under Secretary of the Army.