Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 5 (Monday, February 5, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 5 (Monday, February 5, 2007)]
[Pages 111-112]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Capital Hilton Hotel, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended the Alfalfa Club Dinner.

January 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he participated in an interview with Juan 
Williams of National Public Radio.

January 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Peoria, IL.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in an interview 
with Betsy Stark of ABC News. Later, he traveled to East Peoria, IL, 
where he toured Caterpillar, Inc. He then participated in another 
interview with Ms. Stark.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Peoria, IL, where, prior 
to his departure, he met with members of the Illinois National

[[Page 112]]

Guard and their families. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced that he has named Jean Staton Mamo as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director of Media Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Joel Bagnal as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Homeland Security.
    The President announced that he has named Martin E. McGuinness as 
Special Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Michael Y. Scudder, Jr., 
as Associate Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Amy Swartz Zantzinger as 
Special Assistant to the President and White House Social Secretary.

January 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to New York City, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Adam Houhoulis. He then went to Federal Hall 
where he participated in an interview with Neil Cavuto of FOX News. 
Later, he met with Eva Borja, Ceasar Borja, Jr., Evan Borja, and Nhia 
Borja, the family of Cesar Borja, a 20-year veteran of the New York 
Police Department, who died of lung disease on January 23. He then 
participated in an interview with the Wall Street Journal.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the New York Stock Exchange 
where he met with traders on the floor. He then returned to Washington, 
DC.

February 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President and Mrs. 
Bush participated in a signing ceremony for a Presidential proclamation 
in honor of American Heart Month.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Martin Torrijos Espino of Panama to the White House on February 16.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on December 28-30.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms on January 12-26.

February 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergey Viktorovich Lavrov of 
Russia.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Republican Members of the 
Senate. He then hosted a reception for the Members.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John C. Rood to be 
Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security at the 
Department of State.