Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 47 (Monday, November 26, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 47 (Monday, November 26, 2007)]
[Page 1526]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 13451--Designating the ITER International Fusion Energy 
Organization as a Public International Organization Entitled To Enjoy 
Certain Privileges, Exemptions, and Immunities

November 19, 2007

    By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and 
the laws of the United States of America, including section 1 of the 
International Organizations Immunities Act (22 U.S.C. 288), and finding 
that the United States participates in the ITER International Fusion 
Energy Organization under the authority of acts of Congress authorizing 
such participation and making an appropriation for such participation, 
including sections 971 and 972 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 
U.S.C. 16311 and 16312) and laws making appropriations for the 
Department of Energy, it is hereby ordered as follows:
    Section 1. Designation. I hereby designate the ITER International 
Fusion Energy Organization as a public international organization 
entitled to enjoy the privileges, exemptions, and immunities provided by 
the International Organizations Immunities Act.
    Sec. 2. Non-Abridgement. This designation is not intended to abridge 
in any respect privileges, exemptions, or immunities that the ITER 
International Fusion Energy Organization otherwise may have acquired or 
may acquire by law.
                                                George W. Bush
The White House,
November 19, 2007.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 10:06 a.m., November 20, 
2007]

Note: This Executive order was published in the Federal Register on 
November 21.