Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 50 (Monday, December 17, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 50 (Monday, December 17, 2007)]
[Pages 1596-1597]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted December 11

 Yousif Boutrous Ghafari,

 of Michigan, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Slovenia.

 James K. Glassman,

 of Connecticut, to be Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy 
with the rank of Ambassador, vice Karen P. Hughes.

 Gregory G. Katsas,

 of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Peter D. 
Keisler, resigned.

 Kevin J. O'Connor,

 of Connecticut, to be Associate Attorney General, vice Robert D. 
McCallum, Jr.

 Douglas H. Shulman,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue for 
the term prescribed by law, vice Mark W. Everson.

 G. Murray Snow,

 of Arizona, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Arizona, vice 
Stephen M. McNamee, retired.

 Stanley C. Suboleski,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Fossil Energy), 
vice Jeffrey D. Jarrett, resigned.

 Glenn T. Suddaby,

 of New York, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of New 
York, vice Lawrence E. Kahn, retired.

 Jon Wellinghoff,

 of Nevada, to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
for the term expiring June 30, 2013 (reappointment).
 Withdrawn December 11

 James K. Glassman,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors 
for a term expiring August 13, 2010 (reappointment), which was sent to 
the Senate on April 26, 2007.
 Submitted December 12

 Marcia Stephens Bloom Bernicat,

 of New Jersey, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve 
concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador 
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the 
Republic of Guinea-Bissau.

[[Page 1597]]

 Robert F. Cohen, Jr.,

 of West Virginia, to be a member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health 
Review Commission for a term of 6 years expiring August 30, 2012, vice 
Stanley C. Suboleski, term expired.

 Harvey E. Johnson, Jr.,

 of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator, Federal Emergency Management 
Agency, Department of Homeland Security (new position).
 Withdrawn December 12

 Harvey E. Johnson, Jr.,

 of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator and Chief Operating Officer, 
Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security 
(new position), which was sent to the Senate on September 7, 2007.
 Submitted December 14

Thomas M. Beck,

of Virginia, to be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for 
a term of 5 years expiring July 1, 2010, vice Wayne Cartwright Beyer, 
resigned.

Matt Michael Dummermuth,

of Iowa, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Iowa for the 
term of 4 years, vice Charles W. Larson, Sr., resigned.

David J. Kramer,

of Massachusetts, to be Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, 
Human Rights, and Labor, vice Barry F. Lowenkron.
 Withdrawn December 14

Thomas M. Beck,

of Virginia, to be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for 
a term of 5 years expiring July 29, 2012, vice Dale Cabaniss, term 
expiring, which was sent to the Senate on June 28, 2007.

Wayne Cartwright Beyer,

of New Hampshire, to be a member of the Federal Labor Relations 
Authority for a term of 5 years expiring July 1, 2010, vice Othoniel 
Armendariz, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate, which was sent to the Senate on January 9, 2007.