Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 4 (Monday, January 29, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 4 (Monday, January 29, 2007)]
[Pages 88-89]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 89]]



January 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp David, MD.
    During the day, the President met with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice and Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates.

January 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Family Theater, the President 
participated in a speech preparation session for his January 23 State of 
the Union Address.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James R. Clapper, 
Jr., to be Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence.
    The President announced his intention to designate Howard Radzely as 
Acting Deputy Secretary of Labor.

January 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Wilmington, DE, where he toured DuPont Experimental 
Station.
    Later in the morning, prior to his departure from New Castle 
Airport, the President met with members of the National Guard. He then 
returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President and Vice 
President Dick Cheney met with Gen. Dan K. McNeill, USA, incoming 
commander, NATO's International Security Assistance Force in 
Afghanistan.
    In the evening, in the Yellow Oval Room, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted the annual dinner for the Joint Chiefs of Staff and combat 
commanders and their spouses.

January 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Kansas City, MO, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Susan Hoskins. He then traveled to Lee's Summit, 
MO, where he toured Saint Luke's East--Lee's Summit hospital.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Alabama by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
public assistance projects undertaken as a result of Hurricane Katrina.

January 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Cambridge, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush went to Blair House where they attended a reception for 
Counsel to the President Harriet E. Miers. Later, they returned to the 
White House.
    During the day, the President met with Republican Members of the 
House of Representatives.
    In the evening, the President attended a retirement reception for 
Chief Usher Gary Walters.