Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 39 (Monday, October 1, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 39 (Monday, October 1, 2007)]
[Pages 1269-1270]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

September 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Old Family Dining Room, he participated in an interview with Juan 
Williams of FOX News. Then, in the Oval Office, he participated in a 
photo opportunity with Deputy Assistant Attorney General John C. 
``Jack'' Keeney to honor his 60 years of Government service.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Waldorf-Astoria 
Hotel in New York City, NY, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush. Later, he 
met with Quartet Representative in the Middle East Tony Blair.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the United Nations 
Headquarters, where he participated in a leaders dinner on climate 
change. Later, he returned to the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the opening 
ceremonies of the Special Olympics World Summer Games in Shanghai, 
China, on October 2: Margaret Spellings (head of delegation); Clark T. 
Randt, Jr.; John H. Hager; Ernie Banks; Lynn Fuchs; Michelle Kwan; 
Eunice Kennedy Shriver; Timothy P. Shriver; Anne Sweeney; and Jennifer 
Polk Wardlow.

September 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the United Nations Headquarters, where he participated in 
an official greeting with United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 
and President of the 62d Session of the United Nations General Assembly 
Srgjan Kerim. He then met separately with Secretary-General Ban and 
President Kerim.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to the Waldorf-Astoria 
Hotel.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the United Nations 
Headquarters.
    In the evening, the President returned to the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Javaid Anwar to be 
a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Madonna Cynthia 
Douglass to be a member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christina H. 
Pearson to be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services

[[Page 1270]]

(Public Affairs) and, upon nomination, to designate her as Acting.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas W. Webster 
to be Chief Financial Officer at the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to designate Christopher A. 
Padilla as Acting Under Secretary for International Trade at the 
Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to designate John C. Rood as 
Acting Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security at 
the Department of State.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from August 20-31.

September 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush met with United States Mission to the United Nations 
staff and their families. They then met with Joel I. Klein, chancellor, 
New York City Department of Education. Then, at a private residence, 
they attended a Republican National Committee reception.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

September 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with Big 
Brother of the Year, Charles Matthews, and Big Sister of the Year, 
Crystal Rivera.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Minister of Foreign Affairs 
Yang Jiechi of China.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will host 
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, 
on November 9-10.

September 28

    In the morning, the President had a video teleconference with Prime 
Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Map Room, the President participated in an 
interview with Michael Rutz and Stephan Lamby of ARD German Television.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi to discuss SCHIP 
reauthorization legislation.
    In the evening, at the Library of Congress, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended the 2007 National Book Festival Gala and dinner.