Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 20 (Monday, May 21, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 20 (Monday, May 21, 2007)]
[Page 655]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted May 16

 Andrew G. Biggs,

 of New York, to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security for a term 
expiring January 19, 2013, vice James B. Lockhart III, to which position 
he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Miguel Campaneria,

 of Puerto Rico, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for 
a term expiring September 3, 2012, vice Gerard Schwarz, term expired.

 Lorne W. Craner,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Millennium 
Challenge Corporation for a term of 3 years (new position).

 Susan E. Dudley,

 of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and 
Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, vice John D. 
Graham, resigned, to which position she was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Elizabeth A. Duke,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System for the unexpired term of 14 years from February 1, 1998, 
vice Susan Schmidt Bies, resigned.

 Larry Allan Klane,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of 14 years from 
February 1, 1996, vice Mark W. Olson, resigned.

 Randall S. Kroszner,

 of New Jersey, to a be member of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System for a term of 14 years from February 1, 2008 
(reappointment).

 Alan J. Patricof,

 of New York, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Millennium 
Challenge Corporation for a term of 3 years (new position).

 Carol Waller Pope,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Federal Labor 
Relations Authority for a term expiring July 1, 2009 (reappointment), to 
which position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Ronald Spoehel,

 of Virginia, to be Chief Financial Officer, National Aeronautics and 
Space Administration, vice Gwendolyn Brown, resigned.