Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 17 (Monday, April 30, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 17 (Monday, April 30, 2007)]
[Pages 537-539]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Washington Hilton Hotel, the President and 
Mrs. Bush attended the White House Correspondents' Association dinner.

April 23

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing. Then, in the Situation Room, he participated in a briefing by 
Gen. David H. Petraeus, USA, commanding general, Multi-National Force--
Iraq.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs R. James Nicholson to discuss the findings 
of the Task Force on Returning Global War on Terror Heroes.

April 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to New York City, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Charles ``Chick'' Lemonick.
    Later in the afternoon, the President toured Harlem Village Academy 
Charter School and met with students, parents, and teachers to discuss 
charter schools. Later, at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, he participated in 
an interview with Charlie Rose of PBS's ``Charlie Rose.'' He then met 
with Gov. Eliot Spitzer of New York.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee dinner. Later, he returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt of Sweden to the White House on May 15.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
travel to Heiligendamm, Germany, to attend the 
G-8 Summit on June 6-8. Prior to the Summit, the President will visit 
Prague, Czech Republic, on June 5 for meetings with President Vaclav 
Klaus and Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek of the Czech Republic. 
Following the G-8, the President will travel to Jurata, Poland, on June 
8 for a meeting with President Lech Kaczynski of Poland. On June 9, he 
will visit the Vatican for his first meeting with Pope Benedict XVI, and 
Rome, Italy, for meetings with President Giorgio Napolitano and Prime 
Minister Romano Prodi of Italy. The President will then proceed to 
Tirana, Albania, on June 10 to meet

[[Page 538]]

with President Alfred Moisiu and Prime Minister Sali Berisha of Albania, 
before concluding his trip in Sofia, Bulgaria, where he will meet on 
June 11 with President Georgi Parvanov and Prime Minister Sergei 
Stanishev of Bulgaria.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the funeral service of 
former President Boris Yeltsin of Russia on April 25: George H.W. Bush 
and William J. Clinton (heads of delegation); and William Joseph Burns.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and inland and coastal flooding on April 14-18.

April 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President met with the Congressional Hispanic 
Caucus and the Congressional Hispanic Conference.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia at the White House on May 2.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James R. Keith to 
be Ambassador to Malaysia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy J. Powell to 
be Ambassador to Nepal.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen A. Seche 
to be Ambassador to Yemen.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James K. Glassman 
to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors and, upon 
appointment, to nominate him to be Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William Hogarth as 
a U.S. Commissioner to the International Commission for the Conservation 
of Atlantic Tunas (Government Representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Todd T. Semonite as 
the Federal member of the Delaware River Basin Commission (Delaware, New 
Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania), and as the Federal member of the 
Susquehanna River Basin Commission (Maryland, New York, and 
Pennsylvania).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and 
Negotiations: Jennifer Dunn; Terry D. Growcock; Herbert Fisk Johnson; 
James W. Owens; Sidney Taurel; and William Gerald Walter.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and inland and coastal flooding beginning on April 15 and 
continuing.

April 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a photo opportunity 
with the 2007 National and State Teachers of the Year.
    In the evening, at Blair House, the President and Mrs. Bush visited 
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan and his wife, Akie Abe. Later, in the 
Yellow Oval Room, they hosted a dinner for Prime Minister Abe and Mrs. 
Abe.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ali Abdallah Salih of Yemen to the White House on May 2.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore to the White House on May 4.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Jersey and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and inland and coastal flooding on April 14-20.

April 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Camp David, MD, where he welcomed Prime Minister Shinzo 
Abe of Japan. He then met with Prime Minister Abe.
    Later in the morning, the President had lunch with Prime Minister 
Abe.

[[Page 539]]

    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the 65th anniversary 
of the Battle of the Coral Sea from May 3-5: Dirk Kempthorne (head of 
delegation); Robert D. McCallum, Jr.; and Rear Adm. James D. Kelly.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on April 15 and 
continuing.