Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 14 (Monday, April 9, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 14 (Monday, April 9, 2007)]
[Pages 425-426]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 31

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in an 
arrival ceremony for President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil. 
Later, he and President Lula da Silva had a meeting.

April 1

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC, arriving in the afternoon.

April 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Mexico and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on March 23-24.

April 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates.

April 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Irwin, CA, arriving in the afternoon.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a briefing and 
demonstration at the U.S. Army National Training Center. He then had 
lunch with military personnel and their families. Later, he met with 
family members of soldiers killed in Iraq.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Los Angeles, CA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Hannah 
Locke. Later, at a private residence, he attended a Republican National 
Committee reception.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan to the White House on April 
26, and on April 27 the President and Prime Minister Abe will meet at 
Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles L. English 
to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Miriam K. Hughes 
to be Ambassador to Micronesia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cameron P. Munter 
to be Ambassador to Serbia.

[[Page 426]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert B. Nolan to 
be Ambassador to Lesotho.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John L. Withers II 
to be Ambassador to Albania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert M. Couch to 
be General Counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Kussman 
to be Under Secretary for Health at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter B. McCarthy 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Management) and, upon 
appointment, to designate him as Chief Financial Officer.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dennis R. Schrader 
to be Deputy Administrator for National Preparedness, Federal Emergency 
Management Agency at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael G. Vickers 
to be Assistant Secretary of Defense (Special Operations/Low Intensity 
Conflict, and Interdependent Capabilities).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jeffrey Scott 
Wilpon as a member of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and 
Negotiations: Calvin M. Dooley; Edward Charles Emma; John Engler; 
William Eldridge Frenzel; Nicholas Giordano; Mark Raymond Kennedy; Scott 
Klug; James Winston Morrison; Stephen Withrow Sanger; Jose Antonio 
Villamil; and James L. Ziemer.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Andrew G. 
Biggs as Deputy Commissioner of Social Security.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Susan E. 
Dudley as Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory 
Affairs at the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Sam Fox as 
Ambassador to Belgium.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Carol Waller 
Pope as a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced that he has appointed Mark Carew Treanor as 
a member of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Naval Academy.

April 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the 
United Kingdom.

April 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.