Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 26 (Monday, July 2, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 26 (Monday, July 2, 2007)]
[Pages 891-892]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 24

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the Ford's 
Theatre Gala, where he made remarks for television broadcast at a later 
date.

June 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister 
Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with President Toomas Ilves of Estonia.

June 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in an interview with Bill Sammon of 
the Washington Examiner.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Scott M. Burns to 
be Deputy Director of National Drug Control Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Ross Ashley III 
to be an Assistant Administrator (Grant Programs) of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gen. Wayne A. 
Downing, USA (Ret.), as a member of the American Battle Monuments 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint R. Todd Gardenhire, 
Paul Clinton Harris, Sr., and Richard A. Manka as members of the 
Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Craig W. Duehring 
as Acting Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower and Reserve 
Affairs).

June 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, on the South Lawn, the President participated in 
an interview with Hannah Storm of CBS News ``The Early Show.'' Later, in 
the Rose Garden, he participated in a photo opportunity with the NCAA 
women's softball champion University of Arizona Wildcats.

June 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to North Kingstown, RI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Sherrill Estes.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Newport, RI. While 
en route aboard Marine One, he took an aerial tour of Tall Ships Rhode 
Island 2007 in Newport Harbor.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of military 
personnel killed in the war on terror. Later, he traveled to the Bush 
family home in Kennebunkport, ME.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher Egan 
to be the Representative of the United States of America to the 
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, with the rank of 
Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald B. Marron 
to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brent T. Wahlquist 
to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and 
Enforcement at the Department of the Interior.

June 29

    In the morning, the President was briefed by National Security 
Adviser Stephen J. Hadley concerning the attempted terrorist bombings in 
London, England. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President was briefed by Assistant to the 
President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism Frances Fragos 
Townsend for further briefings on the situation in London.

[[Page 892]]

    The President announced that he has nominated Paul J. Hutter to be 
General Counsel at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
    The President announced that he has nominated Thomas M. Beck to be a 
member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority and, upon appointment, 
to designate him as Chair.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from June 16-18.