Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 16 (Monday, April 23, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 16 (Monday, April 23, 2007)]
[Page 458]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 8126--Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy at Virginia Tech

 April 17, 2007

 By the President of the United States

 of America

 A Proclamation

    Our Nation grieves with those who have lost loved ones at Virginia 
Tech. We hold the victims in our hearts. We lift them up in our prayers, 
and we ask a loving God to comfort those who are suffering.
    As a mark of respect for the victims of the senseless acts of 
violence perpetrated on Monday, April 16, 2007, by the authority vested 
in me as President of the United States by the Constitution and the laws 
of the United States of America, I hereby order that the flag of the 
United States shall be flown at half-staff at the White House and upon 
all public buildings and grounds, at all military posts and naval 
stations, and on all naval vessels of the Federal Government in the 
District of Columbia and throughout the United States and its 
Territories and possessions until sunset, Sunday, April 22, 2007. I also 
direct that the flag shall be flown at half-staff for the same length of 
time at all United States embassies, legations, consular offices, and 
other facilities abroad, including all military facilities and naval 
vessels and stations.
    In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this seventeenth day 
of April, in the year of our Lord two thousand seven, and of the 
Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-
first.
                                                George W. Bush

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:53 a.m., April 18, 
2007]

Note: This proclamation was published in the Federal Register on April 
19.