Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 47 (Monday, November 26, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 47 (Monday, November 26, 2007)]
[Pages 1527-1528]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

November 19

    In the morning, the President was briefed by Deputy Secretary of 
State John D. Negroponte on his trip to Pakistan and his meetings with 
President Pervez Musharraf. He then had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Richmond, VA, where he visited the Central Virginia 
Foodbank.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Charles City, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President visited the Thanksgiving Shrine at 
Berkeley Plantation. Later, he returned to Washington, DC. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an interview with 
syndicated columnist Kathleen Parker.

November 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp David, MD. They then participated in 
an interview with Charles Gibson of ``ABC World News Tonight with 
Charles Gibson.''
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in an 
interview with People magazine.

November 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Neil Romano to be 
Assistant Secretary of Labor (Disability Employment Policy) and, upon 
confirmation, appoint him as a member of the Committee for Purchase From 
People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled.

[[Page 1528]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas H. Shulman 
to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue at the Department of the 
Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Council to the Board of Governors 
of the American Red Cross: Michael Chertoff; Robert M. Gates; Carlos M. 
Gutierrez; Michael O. Leavitt; Michael G. Mullen; Condoleezza Rice; and 
Margaret Spellings.

November 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had several Thanksgiving holiday telephone conversations with members 
of the U.S. military.

November 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.