Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 36 (Monday, September 10, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 36 (Monday, September 10, 2007)]
[Pages 1191-1193]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

September 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Al Asad Air Base in Iraq.
    During the day, the President met with General David H. Petraeus, 
commanding general, Multi-National Force--Iraq, U.S. Ambassador to Iraq 
Ryan C. Crocker, Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates, Admiral William 
J. Fallon, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. Later, he met with Sunni tribal and Provincial 
leaders.
    Also during the day, the President participated in separate 
interviews with CBS News and NBC News.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Sydney, Australia, 
arriving the following evening. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
participated in an interview with travel pool reporters.

September 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced that he has nominated Gregory F. Jacob to be 
Solicitor for the Department of Labor.
    The President announced that he has nominated Robert D. Jamison to 
be Under Secretary for National Protection and Programs at the 
Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced that he has nominated James F. Moriarty to 
be Ambassador to Bangladesh.
    The President announced that he has nominated Christopher A. Padilla 
to be Under Secretary for International Trade at the Department of 
Commerce.
    The President announced that he has nominated Paula J. Dobriansky 
for the rank of Ambassador during her tenure as Special Envoy to 
Northern Ireland.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Marc S. Goldman as 
a member of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.

[[Page 1192]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission for the Preservation of 
America's Heritage Abroad: William C. Daroff; Jules Fleischer; Peter 
Hawryluk; Lee Seeman; and Lawrence E. Steinberg.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and 
Negotiations: Jorge L. Arrizurieta; Craig Radford Barrett; Michael E. 
Campbell; Thomas J. Donohue; Anthony H. Gioia; William P. Hite; Kenneth 
I. Juster; Robert A. McDonald; Edward Joseph Perkins; and Robert 
Stallman.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Arthur D. Collins, 
Jr., Leon Trammell, and Stephen R. Tritch as members of the President's 
Export Council.
    The President announced his intention to designate Kerry N. Weems as 
Acting Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services 
at the Department of Health and Human Services.

September 5

    In the morning, at the InterContinental Sydney, the President had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Garden Island, where, at 
the Royal Australia Navy Heritage Centre, he met with members of the 
Australian Defense Force. Later, he attended a musical performance by 
Felicity Urquhart. He then returned to the InterContinental Sydney.
    During the day, the President toured Sydney Harbor with Prime 
Minister John Howard of Australia.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Admiralty House, where, in 
the Drawing Room, he met with Governor General Philip Michael Jeffery of 
Australia. Later, in the Dining Room at Kirribilli House, he had dinner 
with Prime Minister Howard. He then returned to the InterContinental 
Sydney.
    The President announced that he has named Barry Jackson as Assistant 
to the President for Strategic Initiatives and External Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Joie A. Gregor as 
Assistant to the President for Presidential Personnel.

September 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Premier's Room at the InterContinental Sydney, he met with 
Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd of Australia. He then visited the 
Australian National Maritime Museum.
    Later in the morning, in the Fort Macquarie Room at the 
InterContinental Sydney, the President met with U.S. Embassy staff and 
their families.
    The President announced that he has named Joel A. Scanlon as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director of Strategic Initiatives.
    The President announced that he has named Dianna Campagna as Special 
Assistant to the President and Executive Secretary for the Office of the 
Counsel to the President.

September 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harvey E. Johnson, 
Jr., to be Deputy Administrator and Chief Operating Officer of the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency at the Department of Homeland 
Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Vincent Obsitnik 
to be Ambassador to the Slovak Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Todd J. Zinser to 
be Inspector General at the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Walter Lukken to 
be Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation: 
John A. Garcia; Julia A. King; Thomas R. Miller; and Ann A. Pritzlaff.

[[Page 1193]]