Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 35 (Monday, September 3, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 35 (Monday, September 3, 2007)]
[Pages 1160-1161]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 25

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

August 26

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with 
Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales and his wife, Rebecca Turner 
Gonzales.
    The President declared a major disaster in Wisconsin and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on August 18 and 
continuing.

August 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Albuquerque, NM, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Pat Dee. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
had separate telephone conversations with President Jalal Talabani, 
Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, and Vice Presidents Tariq al-Hashimi and 
Adil Abd Al-Mahdi of Iraq, and Masoud Barzani, president, Kurdistan 
region in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
People for Pete

[[Page 1161]]

Domenici reception. Later, he traveled to Bellevue, WA, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Bernie Krane. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with Scott 
Kellogg, deputy director, Rio Rancho Police Department, NM, to express 
his condolences for the death of Rio Rancho Police Officer Germaine 
Casey, who was killed in a motorcycle accident while protecting the 
President's motorcade.
    Later in the afternoon, while en route to the Seattle-Tacoma 
International Airport, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Lisa Casey, wife of police officer Germaine Casey, to express his 
condolences for the death of her husband.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Reno, NV, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Cathy Levine.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes beginning on August 20 and 
continuing.

August 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with family members of military personnel killed in the war on 
terror.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA, where, 
upon arrival in the evening, he was joined by Mrs. Bush. While en route 
aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with President-
elect Abdullah Gul of Turkey to congratulate him on his election 
victory.
    Later in the evening, the President met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Allison Stouse.

August 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Charter School for Science and 
Technology, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a meeting with Louisiana 
education officials. They then participated in a moment of silence to 
honor the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Bay 
St. Louis, MS, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, at Our Lady of the Gulf Parish Community 
Center, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a briefing on 
Mississippi rebuilding efforts. Later, they returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from June 11-16.

August 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Jose Socrates of Portugal to the White House on September 17 in 
his dual roles as Prime Minister and President of the European Council.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from August 7-8.

August 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes on August 8.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes from May 24-June 1.