Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 7 (Monday, February 19, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 7 (Monday, February 19, 2007)]
[Pages 149-150]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Six-Party Talks

February 13, 2007

    I am pleased with the agreements reached today at the six-party 
talks in Beijing. These talks represent the best opportunity to use 
diplomacy to address North Korea's nuclear programs. They reflect the 
common commitment of the participants to a Korean Peninsula that is free 
of nuclear weapons.

[[Page 150]]

    In September 2005, our nations agreed on a joint statement that 
charted the way forward toward achieving a nuclear-weapons-free 
peninsula. Today's announcement represents the first step toward 
implementing that agreement.
    Under the agreements reached today, North Korea has committed to 
take several specific actions within the next 60 days. Among other 
things, North Korea has agreed to shut down and seal all operations at 
the primary nuclear facilities it has used to produce weapons-grade 
plutonium and has agreed to allow international inspectors to verify and 
monitor this process. In addition to those immediate actions, North 
Korea has also committed to disclose all its nuclear programs and 
disable its existing nuclear facilities--as an initial step toward 
abandoning all of those programs and facilities under international 
supervision.
    The other parties have agreed to cooperate in economic, 
humanitarian, and energy assistance to North Korea. Such assistance will 
be provided as the North carries out its commitments to disable its 
nuclear facilities.
    I commend Secretary Rice, Ambassador Hill, and our negotiating team 
in Beijing for their hard work.