Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 25 (Monday, June 25, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 25 (Monday, June 25, 2007)]
[Pages 851-853]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 16

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

June 17

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

June 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority to 
discuss the situation in the Middle East. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President had a video teleconference with 
Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, President Jalal Talabani, and Vice 
Presidents Adil Abd Al-Mahdi and Tariq al-Hashimi of Iraq.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President 
attended a Republican National Committee luncheon. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he participated in a signing ceremony for H.R. 1676, the Native 
American Home Ownership Opportunity Act of 2007.

[[Page 852]]

    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will host 
a White House Conference on the Americas on July 9.
    The President announced that he has nominated Paul R. Brubaker to be 
Administrator of the Research and Innovative Technology Administration 
at the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced that he has nominated Nancy Goodman Brinker 
to be Chief of Protocol at the Department of State, and to have the rank 
of Ambassador during her tenure of service.
    The President announced that he has nominated David W. James to be 
Assistant Secretary of Labor (Public Affairs).
    The President announced that he has nominated Steven H. Murdock to 
be Director of the Census at the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced that he has nominated Eunice S. Reddick to 
be Ambassador to Gabon and Sao Tome and Principe.

June 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James A. Nussle to 
be Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Kansas by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
debris removal and emergency protective measures as a result of severe 
storms, tornadoes, and flooding that struck the State on May 4-18.

June 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he went to the State Department where he participated in a photo 
opportunity and met with Caribbean heads of government.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to the White House.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald K. McMullen 
to be Ambassador to Eritrea.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Deborah Taylor 
Tate to be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John J. Young, 
Jr., to be Under Secretary for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics at 
the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to appoint LaSalle Doheny 
Leffall, Jr., as a member of the President's Cancer Panel.
    The President announced his intention to designate Horace A. 
Thompson as Chairman of the Occupational Safety and Health Review 
Commission.

June 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the 
United Kingdom.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Huntsville, AL, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Don Clark. 
He then traveled to Athens, AL, arriving in the afternoon, where he 
toured the Browns Ferry Nuclear Plant.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Mobile, AL, where 
he was joined by Mrs. Bush. Upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Debbie Gardner.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Clarence H. 
``Bud'' Albright to be Under Secretary of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Clarke 
Brown to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan 
Washington Airports Authority.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on the National 
Medal of Science: Susan Davis Allen; Ching-Wu Chu; Darleane Christian 
Hoffman; Linda P. B. Katehi; and Rodney J. Brown.
    The President announced that he has named John G. Emling as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.

[[Page 853]]

June 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with President Nguyen Minh Triet of Vietnam.