Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 43 (Monday, October 29, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 43 (Monday, October 29, 2007)]
[Pages 1417-1418]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Laurel, MD, where they toured the Patuxent 
Research Refuge. They then traveled to St. Michaels, MD.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in an interview 
with Chris and Melissa Fischer of ESPN's ``Offshore Adventures'' 
program.
    In the afternoon, at the Vice President's residence, the President 
and Mrs. Bush had lunch with Vice President Dick Cheney and his wife, 
Lynne Cheney. Later, they returned to Washington, DC.

October 21

    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Governor-elect Bobby Jindal of Louisiana to congratulate him on his 
election victory.

October 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of 
Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with President Nambaryn 
Enkhbayar of Mongolia. Then, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
veterans, leaders of military service organizations, and family members 
of a marine who was killed in the war on terror. Later, he had two 
telephone conversations with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of California to 
discuss the wildfires in southern California.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Vladimir Putin of Russia and President Abdullah Gul of 
Turkey.
    In the evening, at Decatur House, the President attended a 
Republican Governors Association reception.

[[Page 1418]]

October 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of California to discuss the wildfires in 
southern California.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff and Federal Emergency 
Management Agency Administrator R. David Paulison, who briefed him on 
the damage and recovery efforts in southern California.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Shinn to be 
Assistant Secretary of Defense (Asian and Pacific Security Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert A. Sturgell 
to be Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration.
    The President declared an emergency in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area 
struck by wildfires beginning on October 21 and continuing.

October 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a video teleconference with Secretary of Homeland Security 
Michael Chertoff, Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator R. 
David Paulison, Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne, Deputy 
Secretary of Defense Gordon England, Acting Secretary of Agriculture 
Charles F. Conner, and Gen. Victor E. Renuart, Jr., USAF, commander, 
North American Aerospace Defense Command and U.S. Northern Command, to 
discuss the wildfires in southern California.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by wildfires beginning on October 21 and continuing.

October 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to San Diego, CA, where, aboard Marine One, he took an 
aerial tour of the areas damaged by the wildfires. He then traveled to 
Escondido, CA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven R. 
Chealander to be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John H. Gibson to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark V. Rosenker 
to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kenneth C. 
Canterbury, Jr., as a member of the medal of Valor Review Board (Law 
Enforcement).
    The President announced that he has named Brian V. McCormack as 
Deputy Assistant to the President for Strategic Initiatives and External 
Affairs.

October 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.