Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 21 (Monday, May 28, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 21 (Monday, May 28, 2007)]
[Pages 670-671]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Energy Information Administration's Report

May 23, 2007

    I was pleased to receive the Energy Information Administration's 
report today, which includes its ``flash estimate'' of U.S. carbon 
dioxide emissions for 2006. The report shows that emissions declined 78 
million metric tons over 2005, or 1.3 percent, while our economy grew 
3.3 percent. That means CO<INF>2</INF> intensity decreased by 4.5 
percent--the largest annual improvement since 1990--putting us well 
ahead of what is needed annually to meet my greenhouse gas intensity 
reduction goal of 18 percent by 2012.
    In 2001, I outlined fundamental principles to guide a scientifically 
sound and effective effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In 2002, 
I committed this country to reduce our economy's greenhouse gas 
intensity--how much we emit per unit of the GDP--by 18 percent by 2012. 
Since then, we have moved forward with an effective climate change 
policy that is science-based, encourages research and investment in the 
technologies needed to solve the problem, and takes advantage of the 
power of markets.
    We are effectively confronting the important challenge of global 
climate change through regulations, public-private partnerships, 
incentives, and strong economic investment. New policies at the Federal, 
State, and local levels--such as my initiative to reduce by 20 percent 
our projected use of gasoline within 10 years--promise even more 
progress. I have called on Congress to pass this legislation quickly, 
and I have also directed the EPA and the Departments of Transportation, 
Energy, and Agriculture to take the first steps toward regulations, 
using my 20-in-10 plan as a starting point. At the same time, we will 
continue to lead internationally through sensible partnerships promoting 
development and deployment of clean energy technologies, such as the 
Asia-Pacific Partnership on Clean Development and Climate, which 
includes China, India, Japan, South Korea, and Australia.

[[Page 671]]