Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 24 (Monday, June 18, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 24 (Monday, June 18, 2007)]
[Pages 812-813]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency 
Blocking Property of Certain Persons Undermining Democratic Processes or 
Institutions in Belarus

June 14, 2007

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the 
Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the 
national emergency and related measures blocking the property of certain 
persons undermining democratic processes or institutions in Belarus are 
to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2007.
    The actions and policies of certain members of the Government of 
Belarus and other persons pose a continuing unusual and extraordinary 
threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. 
These actions include undermining democratic processes or institutions; 
committing human rights abuses related to political repression, 
including detentions and disappearances; and engaging in public 
corruption, including by diverting or misusing Belarusian public assets 
or by misusing public authority. For these reasons, I have determined 
that it is necessary to continue the national emergency and related 
measures blocking the property of certain persons with respect to 
Belarus.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 June 14, 2007.

[[Page 813]]