Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 6 (Monday, February 12, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 6 (Monday, February 12, 2007)]
[Pages 140-141]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Newport News, VA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Pat Taylor. He then traveled to Williamsburg, 
VA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on February 1-2.

February 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Office of Management and Budget Director 
Robert J. Portman.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 2006 
NASCAR Nextel Cup champion driver Jimmie Johnson.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Indianapolis Colts owner James Irsay to congratulate the team on their 
February 4 Super Bowl victory. He then had separate telephone 
conversations with Indianapolis Colts head coach Tony Dungy and 
quarterback Peyton Manning.
    In the evening, in the Red Room, the President hosted a dinner in 
honor of Major League Baseball.

February 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Manassas, VA, where he toured Micron Technology, Inc.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.

February 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Luray, VA. Upon arrival, they went to 
Shenandoah National Park.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the evening, at Blair House, the President and Mrs. Bush attended 
a reception for Ambassador Donald Burnham Ensenat, Chief of Protocol, 
State Department.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark P. Lagon to 
be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons 
with the rank of Ambassador at Large at the Department of State.

February 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with former President Amine Gemayel of 
Lebanon.
    In the evening, the President hosted a reception for National Park 
Foundation board members.

[[Page 141]]

    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
travel to Brazil, Uruguay, Colombia, Guatemala, and Mexico on March 8-
14.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven Jeffrey 
Isakowitz to be Chief Financial Officer at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Williamson Evers 
to be Assistant Secretary of Education (Planning, Evaluation, and Policy 
Development).
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of 
American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development: Perry R. 
Eaton; Sonya Kelliher-Combs; Brenda L. Kingery; Julie E. Kitka; and 
Kristine Mary Miller.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol D'Amico, 
David C. Geary, and Eric Alan Hanushek to be members of the Board of 
Directors of the National Board for Education Sciences (Researchers).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marylyn Andrea 
Howe, Lonnie C. Moore, and Cynthia Allen Wainscott to be members of the 
National Council on Disability.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janis 
Herschkowitz, David George Nason, and Nguyen Van Hanh to be members of 
the Board of Directors of the National Consumer Cooperative Bank.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Vayl Oxford as 
Director of the Office of Domestic Nuclear Detection at the Department 
of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to appoint J. David Cox, Sr., 
as a member of the Federal Salary Council.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on December 25.

February 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President participated 
in an interview with Stephen F. Hayes of the Weekly Standard.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia to the White House on February 14.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on November 30-December 1, 2006.