Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 37 (Monday, September 17, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 37 (Monday, September 17, 2007)]
[Pages 1198-1199]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Emergency Fund Drawdown To Support Assistance to Conflict 
Victims in Iraq, Lebanon, and Sri Lanka

September 8, 2007

 Presidential Determination No. 2007-31

Memorandum for the Secretary of State

Subject: Emergency Fund Drawdown to Support Assistance to Conflict 
Victims in Iraq, Lebanon, and Sri Lanka

    By the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of 
the United States, including sections 2 and 4(a)(1) of the Migration and 
Refugee Assistance Act of 1962 (the ``Act''), as amended (22 U.S.C. 2601 
and 2603) and section 301 of title 3, United States Code:
    (1) I hereby determine, pursuant to section 2(c)(1) of the Act, that 
it is important to the national interest to furnish assistance

[[Page 1199]]

under the Act, in an amount not to exceed $24 million from the United 
States Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund, for the purpose 
of meeting unexpected and urgent refugee and migration needs, including 
contributions to international, governmental, and nongovernmental 
organizations, and payment of administrative expenses of the Bureau of 
Population, Refugees, and Migration of the Department of State, related 
to: humanitarian needs resulting from conflicts in Iraq, Lebanon, and 
Sri Lanka.
    (2) I hereby assign to you the functions of the President in 
relation to this memorandum under section 2(d) of the Act, and of 
establishing terms and conditions under section 2(c)(1) of the Act, and 
you my further assign such functions to any of your subordinates.
    You are authorized and directed to publish this memorandum in the 
Federal Register.
                                                George W. Bush

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., September 
14, 2007]

Note: This memorandum was released by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on September 10, and it was published in the Federal Register on 
September 17. This memorandum is printed as released by the Office of 
the Press Secretary and the Office of the Executive Clerk.