Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 42 (Monday, October 22, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 42 (Monday, October 22, 2007)]
[Pages 1381-1382]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 13

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

October 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Bentonville, AR, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer, Caroline Worley. He then traveled to Rogers, 
AR, where he toured Stribling Packaging, Inc.
    Later in the morning, at the Whole Hog Cafe, the President had lunch 
with business and civic leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Memphis, TN, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Chi Zhang. Then, at a 
private residence, he attended a Lamar Alexander for Senate and 
Tennessee Victory reception. Later, he returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening.

October 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President met with Dalai 
Lama Tenzin Gyatso.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Nambaryn Enkhbayar of Mongolia to the White House on October 22.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Giorgio Napolitano of Italy to the White House on December 11.

[[Page 1382]]

    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Romano Prodi of Italy to the White House on February 4, 2008.

October 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

October 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Allan I. 
Mendelowitz to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Housing Finance Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Broadcasting Board of Governors: 
Joaquin F. Blaya; Edward E. Kaufman; Susan M. McCue; Dennis M. Mulhaupt; 
and Steven J. Simmons.
    The President announced his intention to designate Paul A. Schneider 
as Acting Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security.

October 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had breakfast with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Secretary 
of Defense Robert M. Gates.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Nicolas Sarkozy of France to Washington, DC, on November 6-7.