Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 37 (Monday, September 17, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 37 (Monday, September 17, 2007)]
[Pages 1200-1201]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Remarks Prior to a Meeting With Congressional Leaders

September 11, 2007

    I thank the leadership of the Congress for joining us here to 
discuss the testimonies delivered by General Petraeus and Ambassador 
Crocker. For some, this isn't the first moment they've been in the White 
House today, and I want to thank the leaders for joining Laura and me 
and the Vice President and

[[Page 1201]]

his wife, Lynne, as we commemorated the--a day that really helped--or it 
did define our Nation, which is 9/11/2001. We also had a church service 
earlier, and I thank particularly the Speaker and the leader for being 
there as well.
    Secondly, all of us around this table are saddened by the loss of 
Congressman Paul Gillmor. Congressman Blunt has just come from his 
memorial service. All of us offer our prayers to the Gillmor family 
during this difficult time.
    And finally, I've asked the leadership to come and share their 
thoughts about Iraq. As I mentioned, we've had a series of hearings 
where our commander on the ground and Ambassador in Iraq have talked 
about a way forward. I think it's very important before I make up my 
mind that I consult with the leaders of the House and the Senate. I 
thank the Members for coming and giving me their honest appraisal of 
whether they think we can find common ground or not and how they think 
we ought to proceed.
    So thank you for coming; appreciate you being here.

Note: The President spoke at 3 p.m. in the Cabinet Room at the White 
House. In his remarks, he referred to Gen. David H. Petraeus, USA, 
commanding general, Multi-National Force--Iraq.