Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 50 (Monday, December 17, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 50 (Monday, December 17, 2007)]
[Pages 1594-1596]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 1595]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Oregon and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides beginning 
on December 1 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Washington and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides beginning 
on December 1 and continuing.

December 9

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the National 
Building Museum where they participated in the taping of the annual 
``Christmas in Washington'' concert for later television broadcast.

December 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he was briefed by Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff on the 
winter storms in the Midwest. Then, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. 
Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he participated in a meeting on 
the ``Monitoring the Future'' report on teen drug use.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in an interview 
with Martha Raddatz of ABC News. Then, in the Private Dining Room, the 
President had lunch with President Giorgio Napolitano of Italy.
    In the afternoon, the President met with leaders of the U.S. 
broadcasting services and Broadcasting Board of Governors Chairman James 
K. Glassman.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in an 
interview with Martha Raddatz of ABC News. They then attended a holiday 
reception.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alan Garcia Perez of Peru to the White House on December 14.
    The President declared an emergency in Oklahoma and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
severe winter storms beginning on December 8 and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Yousif B. Ghafari 
to be Ambassador to Slovenia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James K. Glassman 
to be Under Secretary of State (Public Diplomacy) with the rank of 
Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stanley C. 
Suboleski to be Assistant Secretary of Energy (Fossil Energy).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jon Wellinghoff to 
be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and 
Negotiations: Sheldon G. Adelson; Phil Gramm; Harold McGraw III; George 
Perdue; and Faryar Shirzad.

December 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with U.S. Representatives-elect 
Robert J. Wittman of Virginia and Robert E. Latta of Ohio to 
congratulate them on their election victories.
    The President declared an emergency in Missouri and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
severe winter storms beginning on December 8 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Kansas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
severe winter storms beginning on December 6 and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert F. Cohen, 
Jr., to be a member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marcia S.B. 
Bernicat to be Ambassador to Senegal and Guinea-Bissau.

December 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Abdelaziz

[[Page 1596]]

Bouteflika of Algeria to express his condolences for the loss of life 
due to the December 11 bombings in Algiers.
    In the evening, the President attended two holiday receptions.

December 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Alan Garcia Perez of Peru. Later, at the State Department, he 
and Mrs. Bush attended a holiday reception for the diplomatic corps.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David J. Kramer to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor 
and to appoint him as a member of the Congressional Executive Commission 
on the People's Republic of China and as an Executive Branch 
Commissioner-Observer on the Commission on Security and Cooperation in 
Europe.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Donald J. Wright as 
Alternate Representative of the U.S. on the Executive Board of the World 
Health Organization.