Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 26 (Monday, July 2, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 26 (Monday, July 2, 2007)]
[Pages 883-884]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Remarks on the Senate's Failure to Pass Immigration Reform Legislation 
in Newport

June 28, 2007

    I thank the Members of the Senate and members of my administration 
who worked so hard on the border security and immigration reform bill. 
I'm sorry the Senate was unable to reach agreement on the bill this 
morning.
    Legal immigration is one of the top concerns of the American people, 
and Congress's failure to act on it is a disappointment. The American 
people understand the status quo is unacceptable when it comes to our 
immigration laws. A lot of us worked hard to see if we couldn't find 
common ground, and it didn't work.
    Congress really needs to prove to the American people that it can 
come together on hard issues. The Congress needs to work on 
comprehensive energy policy and good health care, making sure health 
care is affordable without inviting the Federal Government to run the 
health care system. We've got to work together to make sure we can 
balance this Federal budget and not overspend or raise taxes on the 
American people. We've got a lot of work to do.
    When they come back from the summer--from the July recess, before 
the summer break begins, we'll be focusing on the appropriations 
process. And I look forward to working with Congress to balance our 
budgets and to be wise about how we spend the people's money.
    Thank you for your time.

Note: The President spoke at 12:38 p.m. in Connelly Hall at the Naval 
War College. In his remarks, he referred to S. 1639. The Office of the 
Press Secretary also released a Spanish language transcript of these 
remarks.

[[Page 884]]