Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 42 (Monday, October 22, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 42 (Monday, October 22, 2007)]
[Pages 1382-1383]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted October 16

 Gus P. Coldebella,

 of Massachusetts, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland 
Security, vice Philip J. Perry, resigned.

 Simon Charles Gros,

 of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, vice 
Roger Shane Karr, resigned.

 Deborah K. Jones,

 of New Mexico, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the State of Kuwait.

 Patrick Francis Kennedy,

 of Illinois, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be an Under Secretary of State (Management), vice 
Henrietta Holsman Fore.

 Joseph J. Murin,

 of Pennsylvania, to be President, Government National Mortgage 
Association, vice Robert M. Couch, resigned.

 Brian Stacy Miller,

 of Arkansas, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Arkansas, vice George Howard, Jr., deceased.
 Withdrawn October 16

 Andrew R. Cochran,

 of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Environmental Protection Agency, 
vice Nikki Rush Tinsley, resigned, which was sent to the Senate on July 
31, 2007.
 Submitted October 18

 Joaquin F. Blaya,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for a 
term expiring August 13, 2008 (reappointment).

 Joaquin F. Blaya,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for a 
term expiring August 13, 2011 (reappointment).

 Edward E. Kaufman,

 of Delaware, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for 
a term expiring August 13, 2009 (reappointment).

[[Page 1383]]

 Susan M. McCue,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for 
a term expiring August 13, 2010, vice Norman J. Pattiz, term expired.

 Allan I. Mendelowitz,

 of Connecticut, to be a Director of the Federal Housing Finance Board 
for a term expiring February 27, 2014 (reappointment).

 Dennis M. Mulhaupt,

 of California, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors 
for a term expiring August 13, 2008, vice Blanquita Walsh Cullum, term 
expired.

 Dennis M. Mulhaupt,

 of California, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors 
for a term expiring August 13, 2011 (reappointment).

 Steven J. Simmons,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors 
for a term expiring August 13, 2009 (reappointment).