Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 31 (Monday, August 6, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 31 (Monday, August 6, 2007)]
[Pages 1041-1043]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


 July 28

     In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an 
intelligence briefing.

 July 29

     In the afternoon, the President welcomed Prime Minister Gordon 
Brown of the United Kingdom to Camp David, MD.

[[Page 1042]]

     In the evening, the President had dinner with Prime Minister Brown.

 July 30

     In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
     In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Prime Minister 
Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom. Later, he returned to Washington, 
DC.
     Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with Ezekiel ``Zeek'' Taylor, the 
2007 March of Dimes national ambassador.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Andrew R. Cochran 
to be Inspector General at the Environmental Protection Agency.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Robert L. Smolen 
to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs at the National Nuclear 
Security Administration.

 July 31

     In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Supreme Court Chief Justice John G. 
Roberts, Jr. He then had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister 
Stephen Harper of Canada.
     In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President met with Speaker 
of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi.
     The President declared an emergency in the Federated States of 
Micronesia and ordered Federal aid to supplement national and state 
response efforts in the area impacted by a drought beginning on March 5 
and continuing.

 August 1

     In the morning, in the Private Dining Room, the President had 
breakfast with bipartisan congressional leaders. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing. He then had a video teleconference with Prime 
Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq.
     In the afternoon, in the Map Room, the President participated in an 
interview with David Aaronovitch of Juniper Communications. Later, at 
Blair House, the President attended a reception for Office of Management 
and Budget Director Robert J. Portman.
     In the evening, the President was informed of the Minneapolis 
bridge collapse in Minneapolis, MN.
     The President announced that he has named James F. Jeffrey as 
Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser.

 August 2

     In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with Gov. Tim Pawlenty of 
Minnesota, Mayor R.T. Rybak of Minneapolis, MN, and Secretary of 
Transportation Mary E. Peters to discuss the Interstate 35W bridge 
collapse in Minneapolis, MN.
     In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
Martha Raddatz of ``ABC World News Tonight with Charles Gibson.''
     The President announced his intention to nominate A. Paul Anderson 
to be a Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission, and to 
designate him Chairman.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Dennis W. Carlton 
to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Cynthia Dyer to 
be Director of the Office of Violence Against Women at the Department of 
Justice.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Carl B. Kress to 
be a Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey William 
Runge to be Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs and Chief Medical 
Officer at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for National and Community Service: Julie Fisher Cummings; Mark D. 
Gearan; Tom Osborne; Alan D. Solomont; and Donna N. Williams.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margaret Spellings 
to be a Representative of the U.S. to the 34th General

[[Page 1043]]

Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural 
Organization, for the duration of the conference.
    The President announced his intention to designate John A. Gastright 
as U.S. Coordinator for Afghanistan and nominate him for the rank of 
Ambassador during his tenure as U.S. Coordinator for Afghanistan at the 
Department of State.
    The President announced his intention to designate James H. Herring 
as Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher Columbus 
Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Raymond Simon as 
Acting Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative 
Services at the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Brock D. Bierman as 
the Small State and Rural Advocate at the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency at the Department of Homeland Security.

August 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the J. Edgar Hoover FBI 
Building where he had lunch with his counterterrorism and homeland 
security teams. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President declared an emergency in Vermont and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding on July 9-11.