Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 13 (Monday, April 2, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 13 (Monday, April 2, 2007)]
[Page 392]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 24

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

March 25

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

March 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the South Lawn, the President participated in a demonstration of 
alternative fuel vehicles.

March 27

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
White House Press Secretary Tony Snow. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, at the U.S. Postal Service Vehicle Maintenance 
Facility, the President participated in a demonstration of alternative 
fuel vehicles.

March 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

March 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the East Room, he met with the House Republican Conference.
    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President participated in a 
photo opportunity with members of the Children's Miracle Network.
    The President announced his intention to designate the following 
individuals as members of a Presidential delegation to Dakar, Senegal, 
to attend the inauguration of President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal on 
April 3: Elaine L. Chao (head of delegation); Janice L. Jacobs; Louis W. 
Sullivan; Bobby Pittman, Jr.; and R. Timothy Ziemer.

March 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he went to Walter Reed Army Medical Center, where he visited with 
patients and medical personnel in the Occupational Therapy Unit and the 
Physical Therapy Unit. He also presented Purple Heart medals to 11 
soldiers.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alan Garcia Perez of Peru to the White House on April 23.
    The President declared an emergency in Iowa and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
record snow and near record snow on February 28 to March 2.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Alabama by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
debris removal and emergency protective measures as a result of severe 
storms and tornadoes that struck the State on March 1.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Georgia by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
debris removal and emergency protective measures as a result of severe 
storms and tornadoes that struck the State on March 
1-2.