Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 9 (Monday, March 5, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 9 (Monday, March 5, 2007)]
[Page 237]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 8112--Amending Proclamation 8031 of June 15, 2006, To Read, 
``Establishment of the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument''

 February 28, 2007

 By the President of the United States

 of America

 A Proclamation

    Whereas Proclamation 8031 of June 15, 2006, established the 
Northwestern Hawaiian Islands Marine National Monument;
    Now, Therefore, I, George W. Bush, President of the United States of 
America, by the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws 
of the United States, including section 2 of the Act of June 8, 1906 (34 
Stat. 225, 16 U.S.C. 431), do amend Proclamation 8031 for the purpose of 
giving the monument a Native Hawaiian name and making the following 
conforming changes and corrections;
    Section 1. The title of Proclamation 8031 is amended to read, 
``Establishment of the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument''.
    Sec. 2. The phrase Northwestern Hawaiian Islands Marine National 
Monument is amended to read Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument, 
wherever it appears in Proclamation 8031.
    Sec. 3. Under Findings, Additional Findings for Native Hawaiian 
Practice Permits, 2(e) is amended to read: Any living monument resource 
harvested from the monument will be consumed or utilized in the 
monument.
    Sec. 4. The title of the map of the Monument accompanying 
Proclamation 8031 is amended to read, ``Papahanaumokuakea Marine 
National Monument'' and the word ``Sanctuary'' in the map is deleted 
wherever it appears and the word ``Monument'' is inserted in lieu 
thereof.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 February 28, 2007.

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:58 a.m., March 5, 
2007]

Note: This proclamation was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on March 2, and it will be published in the Federal Register 
on March 6.