Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 44 (Monday, November 5, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 44 (Monday, November 5, 2007)]
[Pages 1450-1451]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

October 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, 
he met with Lew Bennett III.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Bryn Mawr, PA, 
where, at a private residence, he attended a Pennsylvania Victory 2008 
reception. Later, he traveled to Cincinnati, OH, where, upon arrival, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteers Sharon and L.C. Nolan. Then, at a 
private residence, he attended a Chabot-Ohio Victory Committee 
reception.
    In the evening, at the Montgomery Inn Boathouse, the President 
dropped by a birthday party for Baseball Hall of Famer Johnny Bench. He 
then returned to Washington, DC.

October 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with United Nations Secretary-
General Ban Ki-moon and President-elect Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 
of Argentina.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to the White House on November 
5.

[[Page 1451]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Carl T. Johnson to 
be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety 
Administration at the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lt. Gen. James B. 
Peake, USA (Ret.), to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jody L. Williams as 
a member of the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission.

October 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President participated in a meeting on the 
National Strategy for Information Sharing. Later, in the Oval Office, he 
participated in a bill signing ceremony for H.R. 3678, the Internet Tax 
Freedom Act Amendments Act of 2007, which was assigned Public Law No. 
110-108.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ed Schafer to be 
Secretary of Agriculture.

November 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with the 2007 Little League World Series champion 
Warner Robins, Georgia, Little League team. Later, on the North Portico, 
he participated in a photo opportunity with recipients of the 2006 
Presidential Early Career Awards for Scientists and Engineers.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee regents dinner.

November 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Columbia, SC, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Graham Van Schaik. He then met with Lt. Andrew 
Kinard, USMC, who was wounded in Iraq on October 29, 2006.
    Later in the morning, at a private residence, the President attended 
a Graham Victory 2008 reception.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fort Jackson, SC, where, 
upon arrival, he greeted U.S. Army Chaplain Center and School students. 
He then visited the Fit To Win course. Later, he traveled to Camp David, 
MD, arriving in the evening.