Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 2 (Monday, January 15, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 2 (Monday, January 15, 2007)]
[Pages 32-34]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    On January 5, 2007, the President made additional disaster 
assistance available to Florida by authorizing an increase in the level 
of Federal funding for public assistance projects undertaken as a result 
of Hurricane Wilma.

January 7

    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms on December 19, 2006, through January 1, 
2007.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on December 28-31, 2006.

January 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with President Enrique Bolanos 
and President-elect Jose Daniel Ortega Saavedra of Nicaragua.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with President Jose Manuel Durao Barroso of the European 
Commission.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of 
Jose Daniel Ortega Saavedra as President of Nicaragua on January 10: 
Michael O. Leavitt (head of delegation); Paul A. Trivelli; John J. 
Danilovich; and Thomas A. Shannon, Jr.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Quito, Ecuador, to attend 
the inauguration of Rafael

[[Page 33]]

Vicente Correa Delgado as President of Ecuador on January 15: Carlos M. 
Gutierrez (head of delegation); and Linda Jewell.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Zalmay Khalilzad 
to be Representative of the United States of America to the United 
Nations with the rank of Ambassador, the Representative of the United 
States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations, and 
Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the 
General Assembly of the United Nations during his tenure of service as 
Representative of the United States to the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ryan C. Crocker to 
be Ambassador to Iraq.
    The President declared an emergency in Colorado and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
record snow and near record snow on December 18-22, 2006.
    The President declared an emergency in Colorado and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
record snow on December 28-31, 2006.

January 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
Republican Members of the House of Representatives.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Herbert 
Heyman to be a director of the Board of Directors of the Securities 
Investor Protection Corporation (Securities Industry).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on the Arts and the 
Humanities: Rebecca Turner Gonzales; Adele C. Hall; Barbara Jacobs 
Mitnick; and Marc I. Stern.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship 
Board: Robert H. Bruininks; John S. Butler; Shirley M. Green; and 
Kathryn Hubbard.
    The President announced his intention to designate Richard A. 
Hertling as Acting Assistant Attorney General (Legislative Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to designate Douglas Menarchik 
as Acting Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development (Europe and Eurasia).

January 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David James 
Gribbin IV to be General Counsel of the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Andrea Fisher 
Newman and Joseph Carter Whitaker as members of the Federal Service 
Impasses Panel.

January 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Benning, GA, arriving in the afternoon. While en 
route, aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia.
    In the afternoon, at Freedom Hall, the President had lunch with 
military personnel and their families. Later, at Eubanks Field, he 
participated in a demonstration of infantry training. He then met with 
family members of military personnel killed in the war on terror.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in an interview 
with Scott Pelley of CBS's ``60 Minutes.'' Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

January 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with United 
Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon at the White House on January 16.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of

[[Page 34]]

the Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of Marc 
Ravalomanana as President of Madagascar on January 19: Michael O. 
Johanns (head of delegation); James D. McGee; Ronald A. Tschetter; and 
R. Timothy Ziemer.