Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 49 (Monday, December 10, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 49 (Monday, December 10, 2007)]
[Pages 1574-1575]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted December 3 *
    * These nominations were released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on December 6.

 Jonathan Steven Adelstein,

 of South Dakota, to be a member of the Federal Communications 
Commission for a term expiring June 30, 2013 (reappointment).

 Michael E. Fryzel,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the National Credit Union Administration 
Board for a term expiring August 2, 2013, vice JoAnn Johnson, term 
expired.

 David R. Hill,

 of Missouri, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency, vice Jeffrey R. Holmstead, resigned.

[[Page 1575]]

 Charles W. Larson, Jr.,

 of Iowa, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Latvia.

 Francis Mulvey,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Surface Transportation Board for a 
term expiring December 31, 2012 (reappointment).

 Neil Romano,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor, vice W. Roy 
Grizzard, resigned.
 Withdrawn December 3 *
    * This withdrawal was released by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on December 6.

 John A. Gastright,

 of South Carolina, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of 
service as U.S. Coordinator for Afghanistan, Department of State, which 
was sent to the Senate on August 2, 2007.
 Submitted December 4

 Gregory B. Jaczko,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory 
Commission for the term of 5 years expiring June 30, 2013 
(reappointment).

 Hector E. Morales,

 of Texas, to be Permanent Representative of the United States of 
America to the Organization of American States, with the rank of 
Ambassador, vice John F. Maisto, resigned.

 John J. Sullivan,

 of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, vice David A. Sampson, 
resigned.
 Submitted December 5

 Mark R. Filip,

 of Illinois, to be Deputy Attorney General, vice Paul J. McNulty, 
resigned.
 Submitted December 6

 Ricardo H. Hinojosa,

 of Texas, to be a member of the U.S. Sentencing Commission for a term 
expiring October 31, 2013 (reappointment).

 Ricardo H. Hinojosa,

 of Texas, to be Chair of the U.S. Sentencing Commission 
(reappointment).

 Michael E. Horowitz,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the U.S. Sentencing Commission for a 
term expiring October 31, 2013 (reappointment).

 Stephen N. Limbaugh, Jr.,

 of Missouri, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Missouri, vice Donald J. Stohr, retired.

 Ed Schafer,

 of North Dakota, to be Secretary of Agriculture, vice Mike Johanns, 
resigned.

 William E. Smith,

 of Rhode Island, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the First Circuit, vice 
Bruce M. Selya, retired.

 George W. Venables,

 of California, to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of 
California for the term of 4 years, vice Raul David Bejarano.