Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 7 (Monday, February 19, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 7 (Monday, February 19, 2007)]
[Pages 177-179]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted February 12

 Carol D'Amico,

 of Indiana, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the National 
Board for Education Sciences for a term expiring November 28, 2010 
(reappointment).

 Perry R. Eaton,

 of Alaska, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of 
American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development for a 
term expiring May 19, 2012, vice A. David Lester, term expired.

 Ford M. Fraker,

 of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

 David C. Geary,

 of Missouri, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the National 
Board for Education Sciences for a term expiring November 28, 2010, vice 
Roberto Ibarra Lopez, term expired.

[[Page 178]]

 Eric Alan Hanushek,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the National 
Board for Education Sciences for a term expiring November 28, 2010 
(reappointment).

 Janis Herschkowitz,

 of Pennsylvania, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
National Consumer Cooperative Bank for a term of 3 years, vice Rafael 
Cuellar, term expired.

 Marylyn Andrea Howe,

 of Massachusetts, to be a member of the National Council on Disability 
for a term expiring September 17, 2008, vice Glenn Bernard Anderson, 
term expired.

 Sonya Kelliher-Combs,

 of Alaska, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of 
American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development for a 
term expiring May 19, 2008, vice Michael A. Naranjo, term expired.

 Zalmay Khalilzad,

 of Maryland, to be Representative of the United States of America to 
the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations during his 
tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to 
the United Nations.

 Zalmay Khalilzad,

 of Maryland, to be the Representative of the United States of America 
to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador 
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, and the Representative of the United 
States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations.

 Brenda L. Kingery,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of 
American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development for a 
term expiring May 19, 2012, vice John Richard Grimes, resigned.

 Julie E. Kitka,

 of Alaska, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of 
American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development for a 
term expiring May 19, 2012, vice Katherine L. Archuleta, term expired.

 Kristine Mary Miller,

 of Colorado, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute 
of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development for a 
term expiring May 19, 2010, vice D. Bambi Kraus, term expired.

 Lonnie C. Moore,

 of Kansas, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2008, vice Marco A. Rodriguez, term expired.

 David George Nason,

 of Rhode Island, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
National Consumer Cooperative Bank for a term of 3 years, vice Michael 
Scott, resigned.

 Nguyen Van Hanh,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the National 
Consumer Cooperative Bank for a term of 3 years, vice Alfred Plamann, 
term expired.

 W. Craig Vanderwagen,

 of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, 
Department of Health and Human Services (new position).

 Cynthia Allen Wainscott,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2008, vice Barbara Gillcrist, term expired.

 Ellen C. Williams,

 of Kentucky, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a 
term expiring December 8, 2014 (reappointment).
 Withdrawn February 12

 Ellen C. Williams,

 of Kentucky, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a 
term expiring December 8, 2016 (reappointment), which was sent to the 
Senate on January 9, 2007.
 Submitted February 15

 Timothy D. DeGiusti,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of 
Oklahoma, vice Timothy D. Leonard, retired.

[[Page 179]]

 Richard Sullivan,

 of New York, to be U.S. District Judge for the Southern District of New 
York, vice Michael B. Mukasey, retired.
 Submitted February 16

 Eli Whitney Debevoise II,

 of Maryland, to be U.S. Executive Director of the International Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development for a term of 2 years, vice Robert B. 
Holland III, resigned.

 Bijan Rafiekian,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-
Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2011 
(reappointment).