Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 31 (Monday, August 7, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 31 (Monday, August 7, 2000)]
[Pages 1784-1786]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 29

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton participated in a 
staff picnic on the South Lawn at the White House. Later, they traveled 
to New York City, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to Chappaqua, New 
York.

July 30

    In the morning, the President traveled to Chicago, IL, and in the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.

July 31

    In the morning, the President traveled to Tampa, FL. In the 
afternoon, he visited the National Football League Tampa Bay Buccaneers 
training camp facility.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Coral Gables, FL.

August 1

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Craig J. Mundie as 
a member of the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint G. William Ruhl as 
a member of the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.

August 2

    In the morning, the President was interviewed by telephone by former 
Senator John Danforth, the Justice Department-appointed Waco Special 
Counsel, concerning the investigation into events surrounding the 1993 
incident in Waco, TX.

[[Page 1785]]

    The President signed new Federal guidelines governing petitions for 
executive clemency regarding death row inmates convicted in Federal 
capital cases.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joe C. Adams to the 
President's Advisory Committee on the Arts of the John F. Kennedy Center 
for the Performing Arts.

August 3

     The President announced his intention to nominate David W. Ogden to 
be Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Division at the Department 
of Justice.
     The President recess appointed Carl Spielvogel as Ambassador to the 
Slovak Republic.
     The President recess appointed Robin Chandler Duke as Ambassador to 
Norway.
     The President recess appointed James A. Daley as Ambassador to 
Barbados, Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, St. Lucia, St. Kitts 
and Nevis, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines.
     The President recess appointed Bill Lann Lee as Assistant Attorney 
General for Civil Rights at the Department of Justice.
     The President announced the recess appointment of Sue Bailey as 
Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration at 
the Department of Transportation. Ms. Bailey was nominated on July 25, 
2000, and her nomination is currently pending before the Senate.
     The President announced the recess appointment of Francisco J. 
Sanchez as Assistant Secretary for Aviation and International Affairs at 
the Department of Transportation. Mr. Sanchez was nominated on June 8, 
2000, and his nomination is currently pending before the Senate.
     The President announced the recess appointment of Ella Wong-Rusinko 
as Alternate Federal Co-Chair of the Appalachian Regional Commission. 
Ms. Wong-Rusinko was nominated on March 23, 2000, and her nomination is 
currently pending before the Senate.
     The President recess appointed Art Campbell as Assistant Secretary 
for Economic Development at the Department of Commerce. Mr. Campbell was 
nominated to the U.S. Senate on March 22, 2000.
     The President recess appointed Franz S. Leichter as a member of the 
Federal Housing Finance Board. Mr. Leichter was nominated to the U.S. 
Senate on June 8, 1999.
     The President announced the recess appointment of W. Michael McCabe 
as Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. 
McCabe was nominated on November 16, 1999, and his nomination is 
currently pending before the Senate.
     The President recess appointed Sally Katzen as Deputy Director for 
Management at the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President recess appointed Randolph D. Moss as Assistant 
Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel at the Department of 
Justice.
    The White House announced that the President will award the 
Presidential Medal of Freedom during an August 9 ceremony at the White 
House to James Edward Burke, the late Senator John Chafee, Gen. Wesley 
K. Clark, USA (Ret.), Adm. William Crowe, USN (Ret.), Marian Wright 
Edelman, John Kenneth Galbraith, Msgr. George G. Higgins, Rev. Jesse 
Jackson, Mildred (Millie) Jeffrey, Mathilde Krim, George McGovern, 
Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Cruz Reynoso, Rev. Gardner C. Taylor, 
and Simon Wiesenthal.

August 4

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Martha's Vineyard, MA, and in the evening, they traveled to Nantucket, 
MA.
    Later, the President and Hillary Clinton returned to Martha's 
Vineyard.
    The President recess appointed George T. Frampton, Jr., as Chair and 
Member of the Council on Environmental Quality. Mr. Frampton was 
nominated to the U.S. Senate on February 2, his nomination is currently 
pending before the Senate.
    The President recess appointed John D. Holum as Secretary for Arms 
Control and International Security Affairs at the Department of State. 
Mr. Holum was nominated to the U.S. Senate on March 5, 1999, and his 
nomination is currently pending.
    The President recess appointed Robert S. LaRussa as Under Secretary 
for International

[[Page 1786]]

Trade at the Department of Commerce. Mr. LaRussa was nominated to the 
United States Senate on May 25, 2000.