Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 44 (Monday, November 6, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 44 (Monday, November 6, 2000)]
[Pages 2757-2760]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved October 27

H.R. 34 / Public Law 106-360

To direct the Secretary of the Interior to make technical corrections to 
a map relating to the Coastal Barrier Resources System

H.R. 208 / Public Law 106-361

To amend title 5, United States Code, to allow for the contribution of 
certain rollover distributions to accounts in the Thrift Savings Plan, 
to eliminate certain waiting-period requirements for participating in 
the Thrift Savings Plan, and for other purposes

H.R. 1695 / Public Law 106-362

Ivanpah Valley Airport Public Lands Transfer Act

H.R. 1715 / Public Law 106-363

To extend and reauthorize the Defense Production Act of 1950

H.R. 2296 / Public Law 106-364

To amend the Revised Organic Act of the Virgin Islands to provide that 
the number of members on the legislature of the Virgin Islands and the 
number of such members constituting a quorum shall be determined by the 
laws of the Virgin Islands, and for other purposes

H.R. 2879 / Public Law 106-365

To provide for the placement at the Lincoln Memorial of a plaque 
commemorating the speech of Martin Luther King, Jr., known as the ``I 
Have A Dream'' speech

H.R. 2984 / Public Law 106-366

To direct the Secretary of the Interior, through the Bureau of 
Reclamation, to convey to the Loup Basin Reclamation District, the 
Sargent River Irrigation District, and the Farwell Irrigation District, 
Nebraska, property comprising the assets of the Middle Loup Division of 
the Missouri River Basin Project, Nebraska

H.R. 3235 / Public Law 106-367

National Police Athletic League Youth Enrichment Act of 2000

H.R. 3236 / Public Law 106-368

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to enter into contracts with 
the Weber Basin Water Conservancy District, Utah, to use Weber Basin 
Project facilities for the impounding, storage, and carriage of 
nonproject water for domestic, municipal, industrial, and other 
beneficial purposes

H.R. 3292 / Public Law 106-369

Cat Island National Wildlife Refuge Establishment Act

H.R. 3468 / Public Law 106-370

Duchesne City Water Rights Conveyance Act

H.R. 3577 / Public Law 106-371

To increase the amount authorized to be appropriated for the north side 
pumping division of the Minidoka reclamation project, Idaho

[[Page 2758]]

H.R. 3986 / Public Law 106-372

To provide for a study of the engineering feasibility of a water 
exchange in lieu of electrification of the Chandler Pumping Plant at 
Prosser Diversion Dam, Washington

H.R. 4002 / Public Law 106-373

Famine Prevention and Freedom From Hunger Improvement Act of 2000

H.R. 4132 / Public Law 106-374

To reauthorize grants for water resources research and technology 
institutes established under the Water Resources Research Act of 1984

H.R. 4259 / Public Law 106-375

National Museum of the American Indian Commemorative Coin Act of 2000

H.R. 4389 / Public Law 106-376

To direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain water 
distribution facilities to the Northern Colorado Water Conservancy 
District

H.R. 4635 / Public Law 106-377

Making appropriations for the Departments of Veterans Affairs and 
Housing and Urban Development, and for sundry independent agencies, 
boards, commissions, corporations, and offices for the fiscal year 
ending September 30, 2001, and for other purposes

H.R. 4681 / Public Law 106-378

To provide for the adjustment of status of certain Syrian nationals

H.R. 5107 / Public Law 106-379

Work Made For Hire and Copyright Corrections Act of 2000

H.R. 5212 / Public Law 106-380

Veterans' Oral History Project Act

H.J. Res. 117 / Public Law 106-381

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes

S. 624 / Public Law 106-382

Fort Peck Reservation Rural Water System Act of 2000

S. 2498 / Public Law 106-383

To authorize the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, construct, and 
equip laboratory, administrative, and support space to house base 
operations for the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory Submillimeter 
Array located on Mauna Kea at Hilo, Hawaii

S. 2686 / Public Law 106-384

To amend chapter 36 of title 39, United States Code, to modify rates 
relating to reduced rate mail matter, and for other purposes

S. 3201 / Public Law 106-385

To rename the National Museum of American Art
Approved October 28

H.R. 3244 / Public Law 106-386

Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000

H.R. 4461 / Public Law 106-387

Making appropriations for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug 
Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending 
September 30, 2001, and for other purposes

H.J. Res. 118 / Public Law 106-388

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes
Approved October 29

H.J. Res. 119 / Public Law 106-389

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes
Approved October 30

H.R. 707 / Public Law 106-390

Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000

H.R. 1654 / Public Law 106-391

National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2000

H.R. 2348 / Public Law 106-392

To authorize the Bureau of Reclamation to provide cost sharing for the 
endangered fish recovery implementation programs for the Upper Colorado 
and San Juan River Basins

H.R. 2389 / Public Law 106-393

Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000

[[Page 2759]]

H.R. 2842 / Public Law 106-394

Federal Employees Health Benefits Children's Equity Act of 2000

H.R. 2883 / Public Law 106-395

Child Citizenship Act of 2000

H.R. 3767 / Public Law 106-396

Visa Waiver Permanent Program Act

H.R. 3995 / Public Law 106-397

District of Columbia Receivership Accountability Act of 2000

H.R. 4205 / Public Law 106-398

To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2001 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense 
activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe personnel strengths 
for such fiscal year for the Armed Forces, and for other purposes

H.R. 4828 / Public Law 106-399

Steens Mountain Cooperative Management and Protection Act of 2000

H.R. 5417 / Public Law 106-400

To rename the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act as the 
``McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act''

H.J. Res. 120 / Public Law 106-401

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes

S. 1809 / Public Law 106-402

Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000
Approved November 1

H.J. Res. 121 / Public Law 106-403

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes

H.R. 209 / Public Law 106-404

Technology Transfer Commercialization Act of 2000

H.R. 2607 / Public Law 106-405

Commercial Space Transportation Competitiveness Act of 2000

H.R. 2961 / Public Law 106-406

International Patient Act of 2000

H.R. 3069 / Public Law 106-407

Southeast Federal Center Public-Private Development Act of 2000

H.R. 3671 / Public Law 106-408

Fish and Wildlife Programs Improvement and National Wildlife Refuge 
System Centennial Act of 2000

H.R. 4068 / Public Law 106-409

Religious Workers Act of 2000

H.R. 4110 / Public Law 106-410

To amend title 44, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for 
the National Historical Publications and Records Commission for fiscal 
years 2002 through 2005

H.R. 4320 / Public Law 106-411

Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000

H.R. 4835 / Public Law 106-412

To authorize the exchange of land between the Secretary of the Interior 
and the Director of Central Intelligence at the George Washington 
Memorial Parkway in McLean, Virginia, and for other purposes

H.R. 4850 / Public Law 106-413

Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2000

H.R. 5164 / Public Law 106-414

Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability, and Documentation 
(TREAD) Act

H.R. 5234 / Public Law 106-415

To amend the Hmong Veterans' Naturalization Act of 2000 to extend the 
applicability of that Act to certain former spouses of deceased Hmong 
veterans

H.R. Res. 122 / Public Law 106-416

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes

S. 406 / Public Law 106-417

Alaska Native and American Indian Direct Reimbursement Act of 2000

S. 1296 / Public Law 106-418

Lower Delaware Wild and Scenic Rivers Act

S. 1402 / Public Law 106-419

Veterans Benefits and Health Care Improvement Act of 2000

[[Page 2760]]

S. 1455 / Public Law 106-420

College Scholarship Fraud Prevention Act of 2000

S. 1705 / Public Law 106-421

Castle Rock Ranch Acquisition Act of 2000

S. 1707 / Public Law 106-422

To amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) to provide 
that certain designated Federal entities shall be establishments under 
such Act, and for other purposes

S. 2102 / Public Law 106-423

Timbisha Shoshone Homeland Act

S. 2412 / Public Law 106-424

National Transportation Safety Board Amendments Act of 2000

S. 2917 / Public Law 106-425

Santo Domingo Pueblo Claims Settlement Act of 2000
Approved November 3

H.J. Res. 123 / Public Law 106-426

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes