Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 18 (Monday, May 8, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 18 (Monday, May 8, 2000)]
[Pages 1017-1018]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 30

    In the morning, the President traveled to Detroit, MI, and in the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.

May 1

    The President announced his intention to nominate Katherine Milner 
Anderson to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for 
Public Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark S. Wrighton 
to be a member of the National Science Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Walter Kaye and 
Tazewell T. Shepard III to the President's Advisory Committee on the 
Arts of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rear Adm. Raymond 
A. Archer III, SC, USN as a member of the Committee For Purchase From 
People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled.

[[Page 1018]]

May 2

    In the evening, the President met with Hong Kong Democratic Party 
Chairman Martin Lee in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barbara J. Sapin 
to be Vice Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Clayton M. Jones to 
the President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.

May 3

    In the morning, the President traveled to Owensboro, KY, and in the 
afternoon, he traveled to Davenport, IA. In the evening, the President 
traveled to St. Paul, MN.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Fran C. Eizenstat 
as a member of the Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage 
Abroad.
    The President announced his intention to designate Greg Farmer, 
Lawrence Parks, and Madeline McCullough Petty to the National Capital 
Revitalization Corporation Authority.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on April 19-20.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Miguel Angel Rodriguez of Costa Rica in the Oval Office on May 
9.

May 4

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Columbus, OH, and in the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Owen James Sheaks 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for Verification and Compliance.
    The President announced the nomination of Gen. John A. Gordon, USAF, 
to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security and Administrator of the 
National Security Administration at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Norman Y. Mineta, 
Haunani Apoliona, Gloria Caoile, Martha Choe, Susan Soon-Keum Cox, Vinod 
Dham, Wilfred P. Leon Guerrero, Tessie Guillermo, Dennis Hayashi, David 
D. Ho, Ngoan Le, Jonathon R. Leong, Mukesh (Mike) Patel, Jacinta Folasa 
Titialii, and Lee Pao Xiong to serve on the Advisory Commission on Asian 
Americans and Pacific Islanders.

May 5

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Farmington, PA, and 
later he traveled to Lancaster, VA. In in the evening, the President 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James O. Armitage 
to be a member of the National Cancer Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nicholas C. Burckel 
as a member of the National Historical Publications and Records 
Commission.