Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 26 (Monday, July 3, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 26 (Monday, July 3, 2000)]
[Pages 1563-1564]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 24

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, from Los 
Angeles, CA.

June 25

    In the afternoon, the President participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony at the Korean War Memorial.

June 26

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Chappaqua, NY.

June 27

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Minnesota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on May 17 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and ground saturation beginning on 
June 12 and continuing.

June 28

    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth Y. 
Tomlinson to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for Public Broadcasting.

June 29

    The President announced his intention to nominate Everett L. Mosely 
to be Inspector General of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marjory E. Searing 
to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the U.S. and Foreign 
Commercial Service of the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced the nomination of Donald Mancuso as 
Inspector General of the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kitty Dukakis, 
Michael C. Gelman, Stephen D. Susman, and Burton P. Resnick to the U.S. 
Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles Richard 
Barnes, Colleen M. Kelley, Janice R. Lachance, Edward B.

[[Page 1564]]

Montgomery, and Kevin L. Thurm as members of the National Partnership 
Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William M. Wardlaw 
as a member of the American Battle Monuments Commission.

June 30

    In the morning, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, and 
later he traveled to Englewood, NJ, where he attended a Democratic 
Senatorial Campaign Committee luncheon.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arthenia L. Joyner 
to be a member of the Federal Aviation Management Advisory Council.