Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 42 (Monday, October 23, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 42 (Monday, October 23, 2000)]
[Pages 2516-2517]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency With 
Respect to Narcotics Traffickers Centered in Colombia

 October 19, 2000

 To the Congress of the United States:

     Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1622(d) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice to the Federal Register for publication, stating that 
the emergency declared with respect to significant narcotics traffickers 
centered in Colombia is to continue in effect for 1 year beyond October 
21, 2000.

[[Page 2517]]

     The circumstances that led to the declaration on October 21, 1995, 
of a national emergency have not been resolved. The actions of 
significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia continue to pose 
an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign 
policy, and economy of the United States and to cause unparalleled 
violence, corruption, and harm in the United States and abroad. For 
these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to maintain 
economic pressures on significant narcotics traffickers centered in 
Colombia by blocking their property subject to the jurisdiction of the 
United States and by depriving them of access to the United States 
market and financial system.
                                            William J. Clinton
 The White House,
 October 19, 2000.