Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 33 (Monday, August 21, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 33 (Monday, August 21, 2000)]
[Pages 1900-1901]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 13

    In the afternoon, in Los Angeles, CA, the President attended a 
luncheon at the home of entertainer Barbra Streisand for his 
Presidential library. In the evening, he met with the Arkansas 
delegation to the Democratic National Convention at Union Station.

August 14

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Beverly Hills, CA. 
Later, he returned to Los Angeles.

August 15

    In the morning, the President and Hillary and Chelsea Clinton 
traveled to Monroe, MI. In the evening, they returned to Washington, DC.

August 16

    The President had a telephone conversation with President Vladimir 
Putin of Russia concerning the Russian submarine accident in the Barents 
Sea.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Najeeb E. Halaby to 
be a member of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Tanzania 
on August 28 to meet with former President Nelson Mandela of South 
Africa in support of the Burundi peace process.

[[Page 1901]]

August 17

    The President declared a major disaster in the District of Columbia 
and ordered Federal aid to supplement local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe thunderstorms on August 7.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Jersey and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and mudslides on August 12 and 
continuing.

August 18

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Saranac Lake, NY. In the evening, they attended a picnic at the Saranac 
Lake Civic Center hosted by the Democratic Parties of Franklin, Essex, 
and Clinton Counties. Later they traveled to Lake Placid, NY.