Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 43 (Monday, October 30, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 43 (Monday, October 30, 2000)]
[Pages 2646-2647]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 21

    In the morning, the President traveled from Lowell, MA, to 
Indianapolis, IN, and in the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.

October 22

    In the morning, the President traveled to Johnson City, NY. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel 
concerning the Middle East peace process. In the afternoon, he traveled 
to Alexandria Bay. In the evening, he traveled to Hempstead and New York 
City, and later returned to Washington, DC, arriving after midnight.

October 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Kingston, NY, and later, 
he traveled to Queens and New Rochelle. In the evening, the President 
returned to Washington, DC, arriving after midnight.

October 24

    In the evening, the President met with King Abdullah II of Jordan in 
the Yellow Oval Room at the White House to discuss the Middle East peace 
process.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jeffrey Akaka, 
Glenn T. Fujiura, and Jose R. Rodriguez as members of the President's 
Committee on Mental Retardation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Diane Josephy 
Peavey as a member of the President's Advisory Council on the Arts of 
the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth Lee Smith 
to be Assistant Secretary for Fish, Wildlife, and Parks at the 
Department of the Interior.

October 25

    In the morning, the President traveled to New York City, and in the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC, arriving after midnight.

October 26

    The President announced the nomination of Isaac C. Hunt, Jr., to be 
Commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George (Buddy) 
Darden to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private 
Investment Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Christopher B. 
Galvin as a member of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gerald S. Segal to 
be a member of the National Council on Disability.
    The President announced the nomination of Maria Otero to be a member 
of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
    The President announced the nomination of James A. Dorskind to be 
General Counsel at the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Secretary of State 
Madeleine K. Albright, Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen, Secretary 
of Labor Alexis M. Herman, Office of Management and Budget Director 
Jacob J. Lew, Deputy Secretary of Commerce Robert L. Mallett, R. Thomas 
Buffenbarger, Vance D. Coffman, Philip M. Condit, Ann R. Markusen, and 
David C. Mowery as members of the National Commission on the Use of 
Offsets in Defense Trade.

October 27

    The President declared a major disaster in Arizona and ordered 
Federal aid to support State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on October 21 and continuing.

[[Page 2647]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint John T. Chambers as 
a member of the President's National Security Telecommunications 
Advisory Committee.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Louisville, KY, and New York City on October 31, to McLean, VA, on 
November 1, to Los Angeles, CA, on November 2, and to Oakland, CA, on 
November 3.