Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 52 (Monday, January 1, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 52 (Monday, January 1, 2001)]
[Pages 3213-3214]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 23

    In the morning, the President met with participants in the Middle 
East peace process in the Cabinet Room.

December 27

    The President announced the recess appointment of Judith A. Winston 
as Under Secretary at the Department of Education.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Toni G. Fay as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and 
Community Service.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Barbara J. Sapin 
as Vice Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board.

December 28

    The President announced the recess appointment of Allan I. 
Mendelowitz as Chair and member of the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Housing Finance Board.

[[Page 3214]]

    The President declared an emergency in Arkansas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas struck 
by a severe winter ice storm on December 12 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Oklahoma and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas struck 
by a severe winter ice storm on December 25 and continuing.

December 29

    The President announced the recess appointment of Timothy Earl Jones 
as a member of the United States Parole Commission.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Marilyn Mason as a 
member of the National Commission on Libraries and Information Science.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Geoff Bacino as a 
member of the National Credit Union Administration.
    The President announced the recess appointments of Nina Archabal, 
Betty Bengtson, Ron Chew, Bill Duke, Donald Fixico, Henry Glassie, Mary 
Hubbard, Naomi Shihab Nye, Vicki Ruiz, and Isabel Stewart as members of 
the National Council on the Humanities.
    The President announced the recess appointment of James F. Dobbins 
as Assistant Secretary of European Affairs at the Department of State.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Paulette H. 
Holahan as a member of the National Commission on Libraries and 
Information Science.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Donald L. Robinson 
as a member of the National Commission on Libraries and Information 
Science.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Peter F. Romero as 
Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs.
    The President the recess appointment of Islam (Isi) A. Siddiqui as 
Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs at the Department 
of Agriculture.
    The President the recess appointment of Dennis P. Walsh as a member 
of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms and tornadoes on November 1-20.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement state and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter ice storm beginning on December 12 and 
continuing.