Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 50 (Monday, December 18, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 50 (Monday, December 18, 2000)]
[Pages 3098-3099]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 10

    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel concerning the Middle East peace 
process and the Prime Minister's resignation.

December 11

    In the evening, the President and Hillary and Chelsea Clinton 
traveled to Dublin, Ireland, arriving the following morning.

December 12

    In the morning, the President met with President Mary McAleese of 
Ireland in the Drawing Room of the President's House. Later, he met with 
Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland in the Prime Minister's Office. 
In the afternoon, the President and Hillary and Chelsea Clinton traveled 
to Dundalk, Ireland, and in the evening, they traveled to Belfast, 
Northern Ireland.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Evan S. Dobelle as 
a member of the Board for International Food and Agricultural 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bob Armstrong, 
William Debuys, Karen Durkovich, Palemon A. Martinez, Stephen D. 
Stoddard, Thomas W. Swetnam, and David R. Yepa as members of the Valles 
Caldera Trust.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joseph E. Pizzorno, 
Jr., as a member of the White House Commission on Complementary and 
Alternative Medicine Policy.

December 13

    In the morning, the President met with First Minister David Trimble 
and Deputy First Minister Seamus Mallon of Northern Ireland in the 
Members Dining Room of the Stormont Parliament Building. Later, he had 
separate meetings with Prime Minister Tony

[[Page 3099]]

Blair of the United Kingdom and leaders of the Ulster Unionist Party, 
Sinn Fein, and the Social Democratic and Labour Party.
    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary and Chelsea Clinton 
traveled to North Aylesbury, England. During the day, the President also 
had separate telephone conversations with Vice President Gore and 
President-elect George W. Bush.
    The President declared a major disaster in Wyoming and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms on October 31 and continuing through 
November 20.

December 14

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
London, where they had an audience with Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 
of England in the Queen's Audience Room at Buckingham Palace. In the 
afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to Coventry, 
England, and later, they returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced the recipients of the National Medal of Arts 
and the National Humanities Medal, which will be presented at a ceremony 
on December 20 at D.A.R. Constitution Hall.

December 15

    The President announced the appointment of Richard L. Friedman as 
Chair and member of the National Capital Planning Commission.