Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 41 (Monday, October 16, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 41 (Monday, October 16, 2000)]
[Pages 2459-2460]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 10

    In the morning, the President met with Special Envoy Vice Marshal 
Cho Myong-nok of North Korea in the Oval Office. Later, he had separate 
telephone conversations with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel and 
Chairman Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian Authority concerning the 
Middle East peace process.

October 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Pittsburgh, PA, and in the 
afternoon, to Philadelphia. In the evening, he traveled to Chappaqua, 
NY, where he watched the Presidential debate.
    The President declared an emergency in New York and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area affected 
by the West Nile virus on July 15 and continuing.

October 12

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with National Security Adviser Samuel R. Berger and Secretary of Defense 
William H. Cohen on the terrorist bombing of the U.S.S. Cole in Yemen 
and the situation in the Middle East. He also had separate telephone 
conversations with

[[Page 2460]]

Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel, Chairman Yasser Arafat of the 
Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom, 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan 
on the Middle East peace process. Later, he returned to Washington, DC, 
where he had separate telephone conversations with Prime Minister Barak, 
Chairman Arafat, King Abdullah II of Jordan, and President Mubarak, and 
a conference call with Chairman Arafat and President Mubarak concerning 
the situation in the Middle East.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark J. Mazur to 
be Administrator of the Energy Information Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marca Bristo to be 
Chair and a member of the National Council on Disability.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward Correia to 
be a member of the National Council on Disability.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Allen Carrier to 
be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of American Indian 
and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael B. Levy as 
a member of the Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage 
Abroad.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bruce D. Judd as a 
member of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Carol A. 
Cartwright as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson 
International Center for Scholars.

October 13

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia and King Mohamed VI of 
Morocco concerning the Middle East peace process.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Floyd Adams, Jr., 
as a member of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Glenn Roger Delaney 
as a Commissioner (Commercial Fishing Interest Representative) of the 
International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gregory M. Frazier 
to be the U.S. Trade Representative's Special Trade Negotiator for 
Agriculture and Food Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dr. Hans Mark to 
be Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Nuclear and Chemical and 
Biological Defense Programs.
    The President announced the nomination of Mora McLean to be a member 
of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Yeni Wong as a 
member of the Interstate Commission on the Potomac River Basin.