Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 39 (Monday, October 2, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 39 (Monday, October 2, 2000)]
[Pages 2264-2267]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted September 25

 Donald L. Fixico,

 of Kansas, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2004, vice Alan Charles Kors, term expired.

 Paulette H. Holahan,

 of Louisiana, to be a member of the National Commission on Libraries 
and Information Science for a term expiring July 19, 2004, vice Mary S. 
Furlong, term expired.

 Marilyn Gell Mason,

 of Florida, to be a member of the National Commission on Libraries and 
Information Science for a term expiring July 19, 2003, vice Joel David 
Valdez, term expired.

[[Page 2265]]

 John J. Wilson,

 of Maryland, to be Administrator of the office of Juvenile Justice and 
Delinquency Prevention, vice Sheldon C. Bilchik.
 Submitted September 26

 Betty F. Bumpers,

 of Arkansas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. 
Institute of Peace for a term expiring January 19, 2001. (new position)

 Betty F. Bumpers,

 of Arkansas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. 
Institute of Peace for a term expiring January 19, 2005. (reappointment)

 James F. Dobbins,

 of New York, a Career member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of 
Minister-
Counselor, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (European Affairs), 
vice Marc Grossman, resigned.

 John L. Palmer,

 of New York, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal 
Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability 
Insurance Trust Fund for a term of 4 years, vice Marilyn Moon, term 
expired.

 John L. Palmer,

 of New York, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal 
Hospital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of 4 years, vice Marilyn Moon, 
term expired.

 John L. Palmer,

 of New York, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal 
Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of 4 years, vice 
Marilyn Moon, term expired.

 Thomas R. Saving,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-
Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability 
Insurance Trust Fund for a term of 4 years, vice Stephen G. Kellison, 
term expired.

 Thomas R. Saving,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal 
Hospital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of 4 years, vice Stephen G. 
Kellison, term expired.

 Thomas R. Saving,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal 
Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of 4 years, vice 
Stephen G. Kellison, term expired.
 Submitted September 28

 Sue Bailey,

 of Maryland, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration, vice Ricardo Martinez, resigned, to which position she 
was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Holly J. Burkhalter,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Board of Directors 
of the U.S. Institute of Peace for a term expiring January 19, 2005 
(reappointment).

 Arthur C. Campbell,

 of Tennessee, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic 
Development (new position), to which position he was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 James A. Daley,

 of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to Barbados, and to serve concurrently and 
without additional compensation as Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to St. Kitts and Nevis 
and to St. Lucia, to which he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Robin Chandler Duke,

 of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Norway, to which she was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 George T. Frampton, Jr.,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Council on 
Environmental Quality, vice Kathleen A. McGinty, resigned, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

[[Page 2266]]

 John David Holum,

 of Maryland, to be Under Secretary for Arms Control and International 
Security, Department of State (new position), to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Sally Katzen,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Deputy Director for Management, 
Office of Management and Budget, vice G. Edward DeSeve, to which 
position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Robert S. LaRussa,

 of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade, 
vice David L. Aaron, resigned, to which position he was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Bill Lann Lee,

 of California, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Deval L. 
Patrick, resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Franz S. Leichter,

 of New York, to be a Director of the Federal Housing Finance Board for 
a term expiring February 27, 2006, vice Daniel F. Evans, term expired, 
to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 W. Michael McCabe,

 of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency, vice Frederic James Hansen, resigned, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Arthur A. McGiverin,

of Iowa, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice 
Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2003 (reappointment).

 Robert A. Miller,

 of South Dakota, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the State 
Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2003 
(reappointment).

 Randolph D. Moss,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Walter 
Dellinger, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 David W. Ogden,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Frank Hunger, 
resigned, to which postion he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 James Charles Riley,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health 
Review Commission for a term expiring August 30, 2006 (reappointment), 
to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Donald L. Robinson,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Commission 
on Libraries and Information Science for a term expiring July 19, 2002, 
vice Gary N. Sudduth.

 Francisco J. Sanchez,

 of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, vice 
Charles A. Hunnicutt, resigned, to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Barbara W. Snelling,

 of Vermont, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. 
Institute of Peace for a term expiring January 19, 2005 (reappointment).

 Carl Spielvogel,

 of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Slovak Republic, to which position he 
was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Steven Clayton Stafford,

 of California, to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of 
California for the term of 4 years, vice Stephen Simpson Gregg, 
resigned.

 Isabel Carter Stewart,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice David Finn, term expired.

 Shibley Telhami,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. 
Institute of Peace

[[Page 2267]]

for a term expiring January 19, 2001, vice Thomas E. Harvey, term 
expired.

 Shibley Telhami,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. 
Institute of Peace for a term expiring January 19, 2005 (reappointment).

 Ella Wong-Rusinko,

 of Virginia, to be Alternate Federal Cochairman of the Appalachian 
Regional Commission, vice Hilda Gay Legg, resigned, to which position 
she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.