Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 12 (Monday, March 27, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 12 (Monday, March 27, 2000)]
[Pages 628-629]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 18

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Aviano Air Base, Italy, 
arriving the following morning.

March 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela from Aviano Air Base. Later, he 
traveled to New Delhi, India.

March 20

    In the morning, the President traveled to Dhaka, Bangladesh.
    In the evening, the President met separately with Bangladesh 
National Party opposition leader Khaleda Zia and President Justice 
Shahabuddin Ahmed at the Pan Pacific Sonargaon Hotel. Later, he returned 
to New Delhi, India.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lawrence George 
Rossin to be Ambassador to Croatia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nuria I. Fernandez 
to be Administrator at the Federal Transit Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John A. White to 
be a member of the National Science Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bruce Sundlun to 
be a member of the National Security Education Board.
    The President announced that Secretary of Health and Human Services 
Donna Shalala appointed 10 members of the Presidential Advisory Council 
on HIV/AIDS.

March 21

    In the morning, the President participated in a wreath-laying and 
tree-planting ceremony at the Gandhi Memorial at Rajghat Samadhi.
    In the evening, the President met with President Kircheril Narayanan 
in the North Drawing Room at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arthur C. Campbell 
to be Assistant Secretary for Economic Development at the Department of 
Commerce.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Muscat, 
Oman, to meet with His Majesty Sultan Qaboos bin Said on March 25.

March 22

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Agra, India, and in the 
evening, he traveled to Jaipur, India.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gordon S. Heddell 
to be Inspector General for the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ella Wong-Rusinko 
to be Alternate Federal Co-Chair of the Appalachian Regional Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Julio F. Mercado 
to be Deputy Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nancy K. Hatamiya 
as a member of the Parents Advisory Council on Youth Drug Abuse.

[[Page 629]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint J. Richard Thesing 
as a member of the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance 
Board (the Access Board).
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Lorenzo H. 
Aguilar-Melantzon and Ruth Luckasson as members of the President's 
Committee on Mental Retardation.

March 23

    In the afternoon, the President toured the Amber Fort.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gregory G. Govan 
for rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Chief Delegate to 
the Joint Consultative Commission of the Treaty on Conventional Armed 
Forces in Europe.
    The President announced the nomination of Manuel Trinidad Pacheco to 
be a member of the National Security Education Board.

March 24

    In the morning, the President traveled to Hyderabad, India, and in 
the afternoon, he traveled to Mumbai, India.