Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 1 (Monday, January 10, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 1 (Monday, January 10, 2000)]
[Pages 24-25]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other

<R05>
White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 1

    In the morning, the President had a brief telephone conversation 
with Acting President Vladimir Putin of Russia

January 3

    In the morning, the President traveled to Shepherdstown, WV.
    In the afternoon, the President met separately with Prime Minister 
Ehud Barak of Israel and Foreign Minister Farouk al-Shara of Syria in 
the Sun Room at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Center.
    In the evening, the President met with Foreign Minister al-Shara of 
Syria in the Sebastian Room at the Clarion Hotel. Later, the President 
returned to Washington, DC.

January 4

    In the morning, the President traveled to Shepherdstown, WV, where 
he met with Prime Minister Barak of Israel and Foreign Minister al-Shara 
of Syria.
    In the evening, the President attended an informal reception for the 
Israeli and Syrian delegation at the Clarion Hotel.
    Later, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving after 
midnight, where he placed telephone calls to Sugar Bowl participants in 
New Orleans, LA.
    The White House announced that the President transmitted the 1999 
National Security Strategy Report to Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nicholas P. Godici 
to be Assistant Commissioner for Patents and Trademarks at the 
Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alan Greenspan to 
be Chairman

[[Page 25]]

of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Cruz M. Bustamante 
as a member of the U.S. Census Monitoring Board.

January 5

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Chappaqua, NY.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Brooklyn, NY, and Manhattan, NY, on January 13.

January 6

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton returned to 
Washington, DC. Later, the President traveled to Shepherdstown, WV, and 
in the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joe Velasquez to 
the President's Advisory Committee on the Arts at the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts.

January 7

    In the morning, the President traveled to Shepherdstown, WV, where 
he met with Prime Minister Barak of Israel and Foreign Minister al-Shara 
of Syria.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.