Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 2 (Monday, January 17, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 2 (Monday, January 17, 2000)]
[Page 86]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 9

    In the evening, the President traveled to Shepherdstown, WV, where 
he met with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving after midnight.

January 10

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Annapolis, MD, and 
later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Grand Canyon, AZ.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by tornadoes, severe storms, torrential rains, and flash flooding 
on January 3-4.
    The White House announced that the President will include an 
increase in his FY 2001 budget to improve the Nation's ability to 
target, contain, control, and prevent outbreaks of infectious disease.

January 11

    In the morning, the President toured areas of the Grand Canyon by 
helicopter.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Houston, TX, and in the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC, arriving after midnight.
    The President had a telephone conservation with Prime Minister Tony 
Blair of the United Kingdom.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bonnie Prouty 
Castrey as Chair and David J. Leland as Member of the Federal Service 
Impasses Panel.

January 12

    In the afternoon, the President met with Sinn Fein leader Gerry 
Adams in the Oval Office.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Chappaqua, NY.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Richard J. Gonzales 
as Member of the Advisory Council of the Border Environment Cooperation 
Commission.

January 13

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hafiz al-Asad of Syria. Later, he traveled to New York City. 
In the evening, the President returned to Chappaqua, NY.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gov. Marc Racicot 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael M. Reyna as 
Chair of the Farm Credit Administration Board.

January 14

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced the appointment of Victoria Wilson as a 
member of U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.