Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 13 (Monday, April 3, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 13 (Monday, April 3, 2000)]
[Pages 687-688]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 25

    In the morning, the President traveled from Mumbai, India, to 
Islamabad, Pakistan.
    In the afternoon, the President met with President Rafiq Tarar of 
Pakistan in the President's Office at the Presidential Palace, and later 
met with 1999 coup leader Gen. Pervez Musharraf in the Conference Room 
at the Cabinet Secretariat Building.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Muscat, Oman, where he met 
with Sultan Qaboos bin Said Al Said in the Sultan's Quarters at the 
Royal Flight Terminal. Later, the President traveled to Geneva, 
Switzerland.

March 26

    In the afternoon, the President met with President Hafiz al-Asad of 
Syria in the meeting room at the Intercontinental Hotel. Prior to and 
following his meeting with President Asad, the President had telephone 
conversations with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

March 27

    The President announced his intention to appoint Don Casey as Vice 
Chair of the President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ralph S. Freedman 
as a member of the National Cancer Advisory Board.

March 28

    The White House announced that the President sent the Congress a FY 
2000 supplemental request for $253 million, which includes funding for 
the Social Security Administration, aviation safety improvements, and 
summer jobs for low income youth.

March 29

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Columbia, South 
Carolina, and in the evening, he traveled to Chappaqua, New York.

March 30

    In the morning, the President traveled to New York City, and in the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward M. Bolen, 
Geoffrey T.

[[Page 688]]

Crowley, Robert W. Baker, Debbie Branson, Kendall W. Wilson, Robert A. 
Davis, and
Jerome Randolph Babbitt to be members of the Federal Aviation Management 
Advisory Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jane Lubchenco and 
Warren M. Washington to be members of the National Science Board.