Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 9 (Monday, March 6, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 9 (Monday, March 6, 2000)]
[Page 394]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice--Continuation of the National Emergency Relating to Cuba and of 
the Emergency Authority Relating to the Regulation of the Anchorage and 
Movement of Vessels

February 25, 2000

    On March 1, 1996, by Proclamation 6867, I declared a national 
emergency to address the disturbance or threatened disturbance of 
international relations caused by the February 24, 1996, destruction by 
the Government of Cuba of two unarmed U.S.-registered civilian aircraft 
in international airspace north of Cuba. In July 1996 and on subsequent 
occasions, the Government of Cuba stated its intent to forcefully defend 
its sovereignty against any U.S.-registered vessels or aircraft that 
might enter Cuban territorial waters or airspace while involved in a 
memorial flotilla and peaceful protest. Since these events, the 
Government of Cuba has not demonstrated that it will refrain from the 
future use of reckless and excessive force against U.S. vessels or 
aircraft that may engage in memorial activities or peaceful protest 
north of Cuba. Therefore, in accordance with section 202(d) of the 
National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)), I am continuing the 
national emergency with respect to Cuba and the emergency authority 
relating to the regulation of the anchorage and movement of vessels set 
out in Proclamation 6867.
    This notice shall be published in the Federal Register and 
transmitted to the Congress.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
February 25, 2000.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., February 28, 
2000]

Note: This notice was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
February 25, and it was published in the Federal Register on February 
29. This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.