Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 21 (Monday, May 29, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 21 (Monday, May 29, 2000)]
[Pages 1218-1220]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice--Continuation of Emergency With Respect to the Federal Republic 
of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro), the Bosnian Serbs, and Kosovo

May 25, 2000

    In accordance with section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act 
(50 U.S.C.

[[Page 1219]]

1622(d)), I am continuing for 1 year the national emergency declared on 
May 30, 1992, with respect to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia 
and Montenegro), as expanded on October 25, 1994, in response to the 
actions and policies of the Bosnian Serbs. In addition, I am continuing 
for 1 year the national emergency declared on June 9, 1998, with respect 
to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia's policies and actions in Kosovo. 
This notice shall be published in the Federal Register and transmitted 
to the Congress.
    On May 30, 1992, by Executive Order 12808, President Bush declared a 
national emergency to deal with the unusual and extraordinary threat to 
the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States 
constituted by the actions and policies of the Governments of Serbia and 
Montenegro, blocking all property and interests in property of those 
Governments. President Bush took additional measures to prohibit trade 
and other transactions with the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia 
and Montenegro) by Executive Orders 12810 and 12831, issued on June 5, 
1992, and January 15, 1993, respectively, and on April 25, 1993, I 
issued Executive Order 12846 imposing additional measures.
    On October 25, 1994, I expanded the scope of the national emergency 
by issuing Executive Order 12934 to address the unusual and 
extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and 
economy of the United States posed by the actions and policies of the 
Bosnian Serb forces and the authorities in the territory that they 
controlled within Bosnia and Herzegovina.
    On December 27, 1995, I issued Presidential Determination 96-7, 
directing the Secretary of the Treasury, inter alia, to suspend the 
application of sanctions imposed on the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia 
(Serbia and Montenegro) pursuant to the above-referenced Executive 
orders and to continue to block property previously blocked until 
provision is made to address claims or encumbrances, including the 
claims of the other successor states of the former Yugoslavia. This 
sanctions relief, in conformity with United Nations Security Council 
Resolution 1022 of November 22, 1995 (hereinafter the ``Resolution''), 
was an essential factor motivating Serbia and Montenegro's acceptance of 
the General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
initialed by the parties in Dayton on November 21, 1995, and signed in 
Paris on December 14, 1995 (hereinafter the ``Peace Agreement''). The 
sanctions imposed on the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and 
Montenegro) were accordingly suspended prospectively, effective January 
16, 1996. Sanctions imposed on the Bosnian Serb forces and authorities 
and on the territory that they control within Bosnia and Herzegovina 
were subsequently suspended prospectively, effective May 10, 1996, also 
in conformity with the Peace Agreement and the Resolution. Sanctions 
against both the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) 
and the Bosnian Serbs were subsequently terminated by United Nations 
Security Council Resolution 1074 of October 1, 1996. This termination, 
however, did not end the requirement of the Resolution that those 
blocked funds and assets that are subject to claims and encumbrances 
remain blocked, until unblocked in accordance with applicable law.
    Until the status of all remaining blocked property is resolved, the 
Peace Agreement implemented, and the terms of the Resolution met, the 
national emergency declared on May 30, 1992, as expanded in scope on 
October 25, 1994, must continue beyond May 30, 2000.
    On June 9, 1998, by Executive Order 13088, I found that the actions 
and policies of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and 
Montenegro) and the Republic of Serbia with respect to Kosovo, by 
promoting ethnic conflict and human suffering, threatened to destabilize 
countries in the region and to disrupt progress in Bosnia and 
Herzegovina in implementing the Dayton peace agreement, constituted an 
unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign 
policy of the United States. I therefore declared a national emergency 
to deal with that threat. On April 30, 1999, I issued Executive Order 
13121 to take additional steps with respect to the continuing human 
rights and humanitarian crisis in Kosovo and the national emergency 
declared with respect to Kosovo. Because the crisis with respect to the 
situation in Kosovo has not been resolved, I have

[[Page 1220]]

determined that it is necessary to maintain in force these emergency 
authorities beyond June 9, 2000.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
May 25, 2000.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 1:01 p.m., May 25, 2000]

Note: This notice was published in the Federal Register on May 26.