Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 6 (Monday, February 14, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 6 (Monday, February 14, 2000)]
[Pages 285-286]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 5

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Chappaqua, NY.

February 7

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, he 
traveled to Hot Springs, VA, where he attended the 2000 House Democratic 
Issues Conference. In the afternoon, the President returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mary Lou Leary as 
Acting Assistant Attorney General in the Office of Justice Programs at 
the Department of Justice.

February 8

    The President announced his intention to nominate Donna Jean Hrinak 
to be Ambassador to Venezuela.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas Alan 
Hartwick to be Ambassador to Laos.

[[Page 286]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher R. 
Hill to be Ambassador to Poland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John R. Dinger to 
be Ambassador to Mongolia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Ann Peters to 
be Ambassador to Bangladesh.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher A. 
McLean to be Administrator, Rural Utilities Service at the Department of 
Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Martin 
O'Keefe to be Ambassador to Kyrgyz Republic.

February 9

    In the morning, the President traveled to McAllen, TX.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Dallas, TX, and later, he 
returned to Washington, DC, arriving after midnight.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donnie R. Marshall 
to be Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Senko 
to be Ambassador to the Marshall Islands and to Kiribati.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alan D. Solomont 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Danny Lee McDonald 
and Bradley A. Smith to be Commissioners on the Federal Election 
Commission.

February 10

    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward William 
Gnehm, Jr., to be Ambassador to Australia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel A. Johnson 
to be Ambassador to Suriname.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald D. Godard 
to be Ambassador to Guyana.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Valerie Crotty as a 
member of the Commission on President Scholars.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jane Macon as a 
member to the National Selective Service Appeals Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Haim Saban as a 
member of the President's Export Council.
    The White House announced that the President asked Energy Secretary 
Bill Richardson to take new measures to address the critical situation 
involving home heating oil, and that he directed Health and Human 
Services Secretary Donna Shalala to release additional funding in Low 
Income Home Energy Assistance emergency funds for States, territories, 
and tribes due to continuing increases in home heating fuel prices this 
winter.

February 11

    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas N. Slonaker 
to be Special Trustee for American Indians at the Department of the 
Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate E. Ashley Wills to 
be Ambassador to Sri Lanka and to Maldives.
    The White House announced that the President announced import relief 
for the U.S. line pipe industry.
    The White House announced that the President announced import relief 
for the U.S. steel wire rod industry.