Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 25 (Monday, June 26, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 25 (Monday, June 26, 2000)]
[Pages 1411-1412]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on United States-Israel Cooperation on Affordable Housing and 
Community Development

June 19, 2000

 Memorandum for the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Housing and 
Urban Development

Subject: U.S.-Israel Cooperation on Affordable Housing and Community 
Development

    In order to enlarge the framework for policy research studies on 
affordable housing and related community development, one of our most 
pressing domestic problems, and

[[Page 1412]]

to strengthen relations with the State of Israel for the mutual benefit 
of the citizens of both countries, I hereby direct the Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development to begin discussions with the Government 
of Israel on issues pertaining to affordable housing and community 
development, with the aim of establishing a binational commission to 
structure a cooperative exchange program in this field. The Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development shall convene and chair the American side 
of this binational commission, and the membership should be composed of 
experts active in housing policy, mortgage markets, residential 
construction technology, economic development, neighborhood 
revitalization, and related fields of research and practice vital to the 
health and well-being of towns and cities. All activity undertaken 
pursuant to this memorandum shall be coordinated with the Department of 
State.
                                            William J. Clinton

Note: This memorandum was released by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on June 20. An original was not available for verification of the 
content of this memorandum.