Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 43 (Monday, October 30, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 43 (Monday, October 30, 2000)]
[Pages 2629-2630]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 13172--Amendment to Executive Order 13078, To Expand the 
Role of the National Task Force on Employment of Adults With 
Disabilities To Include a Focus on Youth

October 25, 2000

    By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and 
the laws of the United States, and in order to provide for improved 
access to employment and training for youth with disabilities, it is 
hereby ordered that Executive Order 13078 of March 13, 1998, is amended 
by adding to section 2 of that order the following new subsection to 
read as follows: ``(h) To improve employment outcomes for persons with 
disabilities by addressing, among other things, the education, 
transition, employment, health and rehabilitation, and independent 
living issues affecting young people with disabilities, executive 
departments and agencies shall coordinate and cooperate with the Task 
Force to: (1) strengthen interagency research, demonstration, and 
training activities relating to young people with disabilities; (2) 
create a public awareness campaign focused on access to equal 
opportunity for young people with disabilities; (3) promote the views of 
young people with disabilities through collaboration with the Youth 
Councils authorized under the Workforce Investment Act of 1998; (4) 
increase access to and utilization of health insurance and health care 
for young people with disabilities through the formalization of the 
Federal Healthy and Ready to Work Interagency Council; (5) increase 
participation by young people with disabilities in postsecondary 
education and training programs; and (6) create a nationally 
representative Youth Advisory Council, to be funded and

[[Page 2630]]

chaired by the Department of Labor, to advise the Task Force in 
conducting these and other appropriate activities.''
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
October 25, 2000.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 11:42 a.m., October 26, 
2000]

Note: This Executive order was published in the Federal Register on 
October 27.