Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 25 (Monday, June 26, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 25 (Monday, June 26, 2000)]
[Pages 1466-1467]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 17

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC, from 
Chappaqua, NY.

June 19

    In the morning, the President traveled to Houston, TX, and in the 
afternoon, he traveled to Austin, TX.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint LeRoy F. Saunders 
as a member of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or 
Severely Disabled.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joan Bennett 
Kennedy to the President's Advisory Committee on the Arts of the John F. 
Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.

June 20

    In the morning, the President met with King Mohamed VI of Morocco in 
the Oval Office, and then in the Cabinet Room.
    In the afternoon, the President met with the Dalai Lama in the 
National Security Adviser's Office concerning Tibet.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Carolyn Brackett as 
a member of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.

June 21

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Fayetteville, AR, and in the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint John A. Calhoun 
and Larry

[[Page 1467]]

EchoHawk as members of the Coordinating Council on Juvenile Justice and 
Delinquency Prevention.

June 22

    In the morning, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ, and in the 
afternoon, he traveled to San Diego, CA.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kathleen Waldron 
Gershman to the President's Advisory Committee on the Arts of the John 
F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles H. Cole to 
the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

June 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Chula Vista, CA, and in 
the afternoon, he traveled to Los Angeles, CA.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Deidre A. Lee as a 
member of the Federal Prison Industries Corporation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Wisconsin and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 26 and 
continuing.