Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 46 (Monday, November 20, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 46 (Monday, November 20, 2000)]
[Page 2895]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 11

    In the morning, the President attended a Veterans Day breakfast in 
the Blue Room at the White House, and later, he traveled to Arlington, 
VA, where he participated in a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the 
Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery. In the afternoon, he returned 
to Washington, DC.

November 12

    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Ehud Barak 
of Israel in the Oval Office Dining Room at the White House.

November 13

    In the morning, the President and Chelsea Clinton traveled to Kona, 
HI. In the afternoon, he met with Gov. Benjamin J. Cayetano of Hawaii. 
Later, the President and Chelsea Clinton traveled to Bandar Seri 
Begawan, Brunei, arriving the next evening.

November 14

    Upon his arrival in Brunei, the President had a telephone 
conversation with Chairman Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian Authority 
concerning the Middle East peace process.

November 15

    In the evening, the President attended a dinner for APEC leaders in 
the Plenary Hall of the International Convention Center.

November 16

    In the afternoon, the President attended a luncheon for APEC leaders 
in the Dining Room of the Royal Brunei Golf Club. In the evening, he 
traveled to Hanoi, Vietnam.

November 17

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton participated in a 
welcoming ceremony at the Presidential Palace and met with President 
Tran Duc Luong of Vietnam in Room B of the Presidential Palace and 
participated in an agreement-signing ceremony with President Luong in 
Room A of the palace. Later, the President toured the Temple of 
Literature, and in the afternoon, he met with Prime Minister Phan Van 
Khai of Vietnam in the Receiving Room of the Government Guest House.