Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 20 (Monday, May 22, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 20 (Monday, May 22, 2000)]
[Pages 1162-1163]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 13

     The President declared a disaster in New Mexico and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
a severe forest fire beginning on May 5 and continuing.
     The President declared a disaster in Missouri and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe thunderstorms and flash flooding on May 6-7.

May 15

    The President announced his intention to nominate Glenn A. Fine to 
be Inspector General at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger W. Kallock 
to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Logistics and Materiel 
Readiness.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lucia A. Wyman as a 
member of the Advisory Council of the Border Environment Cooperation 
Commission.

May 16

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Albany, NY, and in the 
evening, he traveled to Chappaqua, NY.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Debra S. Knopman, 
Daniel B. Bullen, and Priscilla Nelson as members of the Nuclear Waste 
Technical Review Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert M. Lyford 
to be a member of the Board of Directors for the Overseas Private 
Investment Corporation.

[[Page 1163]]

May 17

    In the morning, the President traveled to New London, CT.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Greenwich, CT, and later, 
he returned to Washington, DC, arriving after midnight.

May 18

    The President announced his intention to nominate Don Harrell to be 
a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board.

May 19

    In the morning, the President traveled to Suitland, MD, and later he 
traveled to Philadelphia, PA. In the afternoon, the President traveled 
to Chicago, IL.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
after midnight.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Pam Fleischaker, 
Harold Gershowitz, John F. Kordek, and Leo Melamed to the U.S. Holocaust 
Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sanford Weill to 
serve as a member of the President's Export Council.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm, flooding, landslides, and mudslides on 
April 18-20.