Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 17 (Monday, May 1, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 17 (Monday, May 1, 2000)]
[Page 939]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other

<R05>
White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 21

    In the afternoon, the President spoke with Attorney General Janet 
Reno and in the evening, he had a telephone conversation with her in the 
Oval Office, concerning the Elian Gonzalez situation.

April 22

    In the very early morning, the President had a telephone 
conversation with Chief of Staff John Podesta concerning the Elian 
Gonzalez situation. Later in the morning, he had two more conversations 
with Mr. Podesta and a later conversation with Attorney General Reno, 
concerning the situation.
    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton went to Camp 
David, MD.

April 23

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton returned to 
Washington, DC.

April 24

    In the morning, the President traveled to New York City, and in the 
evening he traveled to Chappaqua, NY.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brian Dean Curran 
to be Ambassador to Haiti.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sharon P. 
Wilkinson to be Ambassador to Mozambique.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bradley M. Campbell 
as U.S. Commissioner to the Ohio River Valley Water Sanitation 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James Harold 
French, Jr., and 
Arthur Wesley Nienhuis as members of the National Cancer Advisory Board.

April 25

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President met briefly with Minister of Foreign 
Affairs Igor Ivanov of Russia in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Serena L. Wilson as 
a member of the Joint Public Advisory Committee of the Commission for 
Environmental Cooperation.

April 26

    In the morning, the President traveled to Whiteville, NC, where in 
the afternoon, he was given a product demonstration at 
Remote Data Systems and participated in a roundtable discussion on 
efforts to close the digital divide.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Little Rock, AR.

April 27

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 28

    The President announced his intention to nominate Norman Pattiz to 
be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, flooding, and ice jams beginning on March 28 and 
continuing.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Tokyo 
and Okinawa, Japan, in July to attend the G-8 Leaders Meeting hosted by 
Japan.