Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 20 (Monday, May 22, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 20 (Monday, May 22, 2000)]
[Page 1146]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice--Continuation of Emergency With Respect to Burma

May 18, 2000

    On May 20, 1997, I issued Executive Order 13047, effective at 12:01 
a.m. eastern daylight time on May 21, 1997, certifying to the Congress 
under section 570(b) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and 
Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104-208), that the 
Government of Burma has committed large-scale repression of the 
democratic opposition in Burma after September 30, 1996, thereby 
invoking the prohibition on new investment in Burma by United States 
persons, contained in that section. I also declared a national emergency 
to deal with the threat posed to the national security and foreign 
policy of the United States by the actions and policies of the 
Government of Burma, invoking the authority, inter alia, of the 
International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701-1706).
    The National Emergency declared on May 20, 1997, must continue 
beyond May 20, 2000, because the Government of Burma continues its 
policies of committing large-scale repression of the democratic 
opposition in Burma. Therefore, in accordance with section 202(d) of the 
National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)), I am continuing the 
national emergency with respect to Burma. This notice shall be published 
in the Federal Register and transmitted to the Congress.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
May 18, 2000.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 12:47 p.m., May 18, 
2000]

Note: This notice was published in the Federal Register on May 19.