Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 3 (Monday, January 24, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 3 (Monday, January 24, 2000)]
[Pages 114-115]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice--Continuation of Emergency Regarding Terrorists Who Threaten To 
Disrupt the Middle East Peace Process

January 19, 2000

    On January 23, 1995, by Executive Order 12947, I declared a national 
emergency to deal with the unusual and extraordinary threat to the 
national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States 
constituted by grave acts of violence committed by foreign terrorists 
that disrupt the Middle East peace process. By Executive Order 12947 of 
January 23, 1995, I blocked the assets in the United States, or in the 
control of United States persons, of foreign terrorists

[[Page 115]]

who threaten to disrupt the Middle East peace process. I also prohibited 
transactions or dealings by United States persons in such property. On 
August 20, 1998, by Executive Order 13099, I identified four additional 
persons, including Usama bin Ladin, who threaten to disrupt the Middle 
East peace process. I have annually transmitted notices of the 
continuation of this national emergency to the Congress and the Federal 
Register. Last year's notice of continuation was published in the 
Federal Register on January 22, 1999. Because terrorist activities 
continue to threaten the Middle East peace process and vital interests 
of the United States in the Middle East, the national emergency declared 
on January 23, 1995, and the measures that took effect on January 24, 
1995, to deal with that emergency must continue in effect beyond January 
23, 2000. Therefore, in accordance with section 202(d) of the National 
Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)), I am continuing the national 
emergency with respect to foreign terrorists who threaten to disrupt the 
Middle East peace process.
    This notice shall be published in the Federal Register and 
transmitted to the Congress.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
January 19, 2000.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 10:18 a.m., January 20, 
2000]

Note: This notice was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
January 20, and it was published in the Federal Register on January 21.