Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 1 (Monday, January 10, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 1 (Monday, January 10, 2000)]
[Page 19]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Delegation of Authority for Reporting Functions on 
Technology Transfer

January 5, 2000

Memorandum for the Secretary of Defense

Subject: Delegation of Authority Under Sections 1402 and 1406 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106-
65)

    By the authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws of the 
United States, including section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I 
hereby delegate to the Secretary of Defense the duties and 
responsibilities vested in the President by sections 1402 and 1406 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (``the 
Act'') (Public Law 106-65).
    The Department of Defense shall prepare the report required by 
section 1402 of the Act with the assistance of the Department of State, 
the Department of Commerce, the Department of Energy, the Department of 
the Treasury, the Director of Central Intelligence, and the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation. The Department of Defense shall obtain 
concurrence on the report from the following agencies: the Department of 
State, the Department of Commerce, the Director of Central Intelligence 
on behalf of the Intelligence Community, the Department of the Treasury, 
and the Federal Bureau of Investigation prior to submission to the 
Congress.
    The Departments of Defense and Energy shall jointly prepare the 
report required by section 1406 of the Act with the assistance of the 
Department of State, the Department of Commerce, and the Director of 
Central Intelligence. The Departments of Defense and Energy shall obtain 
concurrence on the report from the following agencies: the Department of 
State, the Department of Commerce, and the Director of Central 
Intelligence on behalf of the Intelligence Community prior to submission 
to the Congress.
    Any reference in this memorandum to the provisions of any Act shall 
be deemed to be a reference to such Act or its provisions as may be 
amended from time to time.
    You are authorized and directed to publish this memorandum in the 
Federal Register.
                                            William J. Clinton