Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 8 (Monday, February 28, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 8 (Monday, February 28, 2000)]
[Pages 376-377]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Strengthening Police and Judicial Institutions in Countries 
Where Peacekeeping Forces Are Deployed

February 24, 2000

    I have just signed a Presidential Decision Directive (PDD) that will 
improve America's ability to strengthen police and judicial institutions 
in countries where peacekeeping forces are deployed. The PDD directs the 
Departments of State, Defense, and Justice to undertake a series of 
critical enhancements in the areas of police-military coordination as 
well as in police, penal, and judicial training and development.
    In peacekeeping missions from the Balkans to East Timor, 
establishing basic law and order has been among the most important--and 
formidable--challenges. Developing effective local police forces, 
establishing credible court and penal systems, and reforming legal codes 
can make the crucial difference between building a just future and 
lapsing back into conflict.
    When fully implemented, this PDD will help overcome major obstacles 
that currently confront international peacekeeping operations. By 
enhancing cooperation between police and military peacekeepers, we will 
better ensure public security during these operations. By more 
effectively training and fielding international police monitors, we will

[[Page 377]]

better ensure that local police fairly and effectively prevent the 
breakdown of law and order in post-conflict societies. And by improving 
our ability to provide assistance to local judicial and penal 
institutions, we will better ensure accountability as well as confidence 
among local populations often traumatized by the conflicts they have 
endured.
    We must do everything possible to improve our ability to help 
countries in transition to get the job done and to encourage other 
governments and the United Nations to be deeply engaged in these 
efforts.