Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 37 (Monday, September 18, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 37 (Monday, September 18, 2000)]
[Pages 2102-2103]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted September 12

 Steven E. Achelpohl,

 of Nebraska, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Nebraska, 
vice William G. Cambridge, retired.

 Joel Gerber,

 of Virginia, to be a Judge of the U.S. Tax Court for a term of 15 years 
after he takes office (reappointment).

 Stephen J. Swift,

 of Virginia, to be a Judge of the U.S. Tax Court for a term of 15 years 
after he takes office (reappointment).
 Submitted September 13

 Richard W. Anderson,

 of Montana, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Montana, vice 
Charles C. Lovell, retired.
 Submitted September 14

 Nina M. Archabal,

 of Minnesota, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Nicholas Kanellos, term 
expired.

 Betty G. Bengtson,

of Washington, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Ramon A. Gutierrez, term 
expired.

 Ron Chew,

of Washington, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Robert I. Rotberg, term 
expired.

 Melvin E. Clark, Jr.,

of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of 
the Overseas Private Investment Corporation for a term expiring December 
17, 2002 (reappointment).

 Toni G. Fay,

of New Jersey, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring 
October 6, 2001, vice John Rother, term expired.

 Thomas A. Fink,

of Alaska, to be a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment 
Board for a term expiring October 11, 2003 (reappointment).

 Henry Glassie,

of Indiana, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Martha Congleton Howell, term 
expired.

 Michael Prescott Goldwater,

of Arizona, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for a term 
expiring October 13, 2005, vice William W. Quinn, resigned.

 Elwood Holstein, Jr.,

of New Jersey, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and 
Atmosphere, vice Terry D. Garcia, resigned.

 Mary D. Hubbard,

of Alabama, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2004, vice Theodore S. Hamerow, term 
expired.

 Stephen B. Lieberman,

of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Pennsylvania, vice Edward N. Cahn, retired.

 Hans Mark,

of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry Goldwater 
Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for the remainder of 
the term expiring April 17, 2002 (reappointment).

 Sheryl R. Marshall,

of Massachusetts, to be a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift 
Investment Board

[[Page 2103]]

for a term expiring October 11, 2002 (reappointment).

 Naomi Shihab Nye,

of Texas, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for a 
term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Bev Lindsey, term expired.

 Vicki L. Ruiz,

of Arizona, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Harold K. Skramstad, term 
expired.

 Lynda Hare Scribante,

of Colorado, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for a term 
expiring October 13, 2005 (reappointment).