Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 40 (Monday, October 9, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 40 (Monday, October 9, 2000)]
[Pages 2345-2346]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 30

    The President had separate telephone conversations with Chairman 
Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian Authority and Prime Minister Ehud Barak 
of Israel concerning the recent outbreak of violence between Jews and 
Palestinians in the Middle East.
    The President had a telephone conversation with President Vladimir 
Putin of Russia concerning the elections in Yugoslavia.

October 2

    The President had a telephone conversation with President Ahmet 
Necdet Sezer of Turkey concerning a congressional resolution to 
recognize accusations of Turkish genocide against Armenians in 1915.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Philip N. Bredesen 
to be a member of the National Commission on Libraries and Information 
Science.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Reginald Earl 
Jones to be Commissioner of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randolph J. Agley 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark A. Weinberger 
to be a member of the Social Security Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Hsin-Ming Fung to 
be a member of the National Council on the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward F. Reilly, 
Jr., to be a member of the U.S. Parole Commission.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh in Washington on October 17.

October 3

    In the morning, the President traveled to Miami, FL, where he 
attended a New York Senate 2000 reception in the afternoon at a private 
residence.
    In the evening, the President watched the Presidential candidates 
debate at a private residence. Afterwards, he had a telephone 
conversation with Vice President Gore to congratulate him on his 
performance. Later, the President traveled to Coral Gables, FL.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kate Fitz Gibbon as 
a member of the Cultural Property Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Gary J. Lavine as 
a member of the Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage 
Abroad.

[[Page 2346]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Helene beginning on September 21 and 
continuing.

October 4

    In the morning, the President met with His Holiness Guru Pujya Swami 
Maharaj at the Biltmore Hotel in Coral Gables, FL. Later, he attended a 
New York Senate 2000 breakfast at the hotel. In the afternoon, the 
President traveled to Jacksonville, FL, and later returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on October 3 and 
continuing.

October 5

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Princeton, NJ, and later 
to New York City. In the evening, he returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving after midnight.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anita Perez 
Ferguson to be Chair of the Inter-American Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John M. Reich to 
be a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

October 6

    In the evening, the President attended an AFL-CIO reception at a 
private residence. He then attended a reception for Representative Tom 
Udall at the Washington Court Hotel.