Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 45 (Monday, November 13, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 45 (Monday, November 13, 2000)]
[Page 2814]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 4

    In the afternoon, the President traveled from Chappaqua, NY, to New 
York City. In the evening, he traveled to Little Rock, AR.

November 5

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Pine Bluff, AR, and in 
the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.

November 6

    In the evening, the President traveled to Chappaqua, NY.

November 7

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton went to their 
polling place at Douglas Grafflin Elementary School. Later, they 
traveled to New York City.

November 8

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.

November 9

    In the afternoon, the President met with Chairman Yasser Arafat of 
the Palestinian Authority in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ronald Burkle, 
James Kimsey, Dorothy McAuliffe, and Jay Stein to the Board of Trustees 
of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lee Fisher as a 
member of the Board of Governors of the United Service Organizations, 
Inc.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kristin E. Flaten 
to serve as a member of the Ticket to Work and Work Incentives Advisory 
Panel.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James C. Harris and 
James W. Hubbard as members of the President's Committee on Mental 
Retardation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Colonel Robin 
Umberg as a member of the Board of Visitors at the U.S. Military 
Academy.
    The President named Sheldon Datz, Sidney Drell, and Herbert York as 
winners of the Enrico Fermi Award, given for a lifetime of achievement 
in the field of nuclear energy.
    The President declared a major disaster in Hawaii and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on October 28 and 
continuing through November 2.