Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 44 (Monday, November 6, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 44 (Monday, November 6, 2000)]
[Page 2756]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 28

    The President had a telephone conversation with President Ali 
Abdallah Salih of Yemen concerning the investigation into the terrorist 
bombing of the U.S.S. Cole.

October 29

    In the morning, the President traveled to Alexandria, VA, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.

October 30

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel concerning the Middle East peace 
process.

October 31

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Louisville, KY, and 
later to New York City. In the evening, the President and Hillary 
Clinton traveled to Chappaqua, NY.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George Munoz to be 
a member of the Inter-American Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Darrel E. Bigham as 
a member of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Carolynn Lindeman 
as a member of the President's Advisory Committee on the Arts of the 
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.

November 1

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a disaster in New Jersey and ordered Federal 
aid to support State and local recovery efforts in the area affected by 
the West Nile virus on August 5 and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Earl Wilson, Jr., 
as a member of the President's Board of Advisors on Historically Black 
Colleges and Universities.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Caroline Matano 
Yang as a member of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board.

November 2

    In the morning, the President traveled to Los Angeles, CA.
    The President announced his intention to appoint George C. Duggins 
as a member of the National Veterans Business Development Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Tommy Turner to be 
a member of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission.

November 3

    In the morning, the President traveled to Oakland, CA, and later to 
San Francisco. In the afternoon, he traveled to San Jose, CA, and later 
to Chappaqua, NY, arriving after midnight.