Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 48 (Monday, December 4, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 48 (Monday, December 4, 2000)]
[Page 2957]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 27

    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on October 21-29.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to the 
United Kingdom and Ireland, December 12-14.

November 28

    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Jean Chretien of Canada concerning the Canadian election.
    The President announced his intention to designate Tom D. Crouch as 
Chair and to appoint Todd M. Hamilton, Martha King, John Howard Morrow, 
Jr., and Kathryn D. Sullivan as members of the First Flight Centennial 
Federal Advisory Board.

November 29

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
former President Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico to congratulate him on the 
work he did as President. In the afternoon, he met with Vice President 
Gore.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Nebraska 
on December 8.

November 30

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New York City, and in 
the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
     The President announced his intention to appoint Pierre Alexander 
Chao as a member of the National Commission on the Use of Offsets in 
Defense Trade.
     The President announced his intention to appoint Raymond Gilmartin 
and Jessica Tuchman Mathews as members of the Advisory Committee for 
Trade Policy and Negotiations.
     The President announced his intention to appoint James L. Black as 
a member of the Advisory Committee on Expanding Training Opportunities.
     The President announced his intention to appoint Arun Bhumitra and 
John Kuhnle as members of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher 
Columbus Fellowship Foundation.

December 1

    In the morning, the President toured the Whitman-Walker Clinic as 
part of a World AIDS Day event.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James H. Bilbray as 
a member of the Security Policy Advisory Board.