Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 35 (Monday, September 4, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 35 (Monday, September 4, 2000)]
[Pages 1979-1980]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Department of Health and Human Services Action on Federal 
Services for People With Limited English Proficiency

August 30, 2000

    Today I commend the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 
(HHS) for being the first Federal agency to respond to Executive Order 
13166, which will help people with limited English proficiency (LEP) 
access Federal and federally funded services. The HHS policy guidance 
issued today will assist health and social service providers to ensure 
that LEP individuals can access critical health and social services, and 
will assist our efforts to eliminate health disparities between LEP and 
English-speaking individuals. The guidance outlines the legal 
responsibilities of providers who assist people with limited English 
proficiency and receive Federal financial assistance from HHS and 
provides a flexible roadmap to assist those providers in their efforts 
to meet the language needs of the Nation's increasingly diverse 
population.
    On August 11, 2000, I issued Executive Order 13166, which directed 
Federal agencies, by December 11, 2000, to establish written policies on 
the language accessibility of their programs and the programs of those 
who receive Federal funds. Federal agencies and recipients of Federal 
financial assistance must take reasonable steps to ensure that persons 
with limited English proficiency can meaningfully access their programs. 
Language barriers are preventing the Federal Government and recipients 
of Federal financial assistance from effectively serving a large number 
of people in this country who are eligible to participate in their 
programs. Failure to systematically confront language barriers can lead 
to unequal access to Federal benefits based on national origin and can 
harm the mission of Federal agencies. Breaking down these barriers will 
allow individuals

[[Page 1980]]

with limited English proficiency to fully participate in American 
society.