Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 7 (Monday, February 21, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 7 (Monday, February 21, 2000)]
[Pages 339-340]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 15

    In the morning, the President met with President Heydar Aliyev of 
Azerbaijan in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rear Adm. Keith W. 
Lippert as a member of the Committee for the Purchase

[[Page 340]]

From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rabbi Irving 
Greenberg as chair of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James V. Kimsey to 
the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing 
Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Salvador Diaz-
Verson as a member of the Christopher Columbus Fellowship Foundation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on January 27-30.
    The President declared a major disaster in Georgia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on February 14.

February 16

    The President announced his intention to appoint Alice A. Kelikian 
as a member of the Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage 
Abroad.
    The White House announced that the President directed Health and 
Human Services Secretary Donna E. Shalala to release an additional $120 
million in Low Income Home Energy Assistance emergency funds for States, 
territories, and tribes due to continuing increases in home heating fuel 
prices.

February 17

    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms and avalanches beginning on December 21, 
1999, and continuing.

February 18

    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on January 22-29.