Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 4 (Monday, January 31, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 4 (Monday, January 31, 2000)]
[Page 160]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Delegation of Authority To Conduct Assessments and 
Promulgate Regulations on Public Access to Off-Site Consequence Analysis 
Information

January 27, 2000

Memorandum for the Attorney General, the Administrator of the 
Environmental Protection Agency, the Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget

Subject: Delegation of Authority to Conduct Assessments and Promulgate 
Regulations On Public Access to Off-Site Consequence Analysis 
Information

    By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and 
laws of the United States of America, including section 112(r)(7)(H) of 
the Clean Air Act (``Act'') (42 U.S.C. 7412(r)(7)(H)), as added by 
section 3 of the Chemical Safety Information, Site Security and Fuels 
Regulatory Relief Act (Public Law 106-40), and section 301 of title 3, 
United States Code, I hereby delegate to:
    (1) the Attorney General the authority vested in the President under 
section 112(r)(7)(H)(ii)(I)(aa) of the Act to assess the increased risk 
of terrorist and other criminal activity associated with the posting of 
off-site consequence analysis information on the Internet;
    (2) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 
the authority vested in the President under section 
112(r)(7)(H)(ii)(I)(bb) of the Act to assess the incentives created by 
public disclosure of off-site consequence analysis information for 
reduction in the risk of accidental releases; and
    (3) the Attorney General and the Administrator of EPA, jointly, the 
authority vested in the President under section 112(r)(7)(H)(ii)(II) of 
the Act to promulgate regulations, based on these assessments, governing 
the distribution of off-site consequence analysis information. These 
regulations, in proposed and final form, shall be subject to review and 
approval by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
    The Administrator of EPA is authorized and directed to publish this 
memorandum in the Federal Register.
                                            William J. Clinton