Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 21 (Monday, May 29, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 21 (Monday, May 29, 2000)]
[Pages 1237-1238]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 20

    In the evening, the President traveled to Chappaqua, NY.

May 21

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Hyde Park, NY, and in 
the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.

May 22

    The White House announced that the President has invited King 
Mohammed VI of Morocco for a state visit on June 20.

May 23

    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert S. LaRussa 
to be Under Secretary for International Trade at the Department of 
Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robin Chandler 
Duke to be Ambassador to Norway.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Stanley M. Chesley, 
Barbara W. Grossman, and Mel Levine to the United States Holocaust 
Memorial Council.

[[Page 1238]]

May 24

    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald J. 
Sutherland to the board of trustees of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship 
and Excellence in Education Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Richard N. Brown as 
a member of the National Partnership Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sharon Cassidy as a 
member of the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Norman L. 
Christensen, Jr., Paul P. Craig, and Richard Parizek as members of the 
Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board.

May 25

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Providence, RI, and in 
the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
     The President announced his intention to appoint John E. Hobbie as 
a member of the Arctic Research Commission.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Harriet Zimmerman 
and Marc
Leland to be members of the Board of Directors for the United States 
Institute of Peace.
     The President announced his intention to reappoint W. Ron Allen as 
Commissioner of the Pacific Salmon Commission.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Lisa Ross to be 
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Management and Chief Financial 
Officer.

May 26

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Assateague, MD, and 
later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.