Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 9 (Monday, March 6, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 9 (Monday, March 6, 2000)]
[Page 450]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 28

    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel Marcus to 
be Associate Attorney General at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas P. Furey to 
be Ambassador to Nepal.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Katherine Slick as 
a member of the Advisory Committee on Historic Preservation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by a severe winter storm on January 25-30.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by flooding, severe storms, and landslides beginning on February 
18 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding on February 18 and continuing.

February 29

    In the morning, the President traveled to West Palm Beach, FL, and 
in the evening, he traveled to Miami. Later, the President returned to 
Washington, DC.

March 1

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Ashburn, VA, where he 
toured the UUNET Network Operations Center. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carlos Pascual to 
be Ambassador to Ukraine.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James V. Aidala to 
be Assistant Administrator for Prevention, Pesticides, and Toxic 
Substances at the Environmental Protection Agency.

March 2

    The President announced his intention to appoint Jacqueline Mary 
Grebmeier as a member of the Arctic Research Commission.

March 3

    The President announced the appointment of Guillermo Linares as 
Chair of the President's Advisory Commission on Educational Excellence 
for Hispanic Americans.