Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 49 (Monday, December 11, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 49 (Monday, December 11, 2000)]
[Page 3038]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 3

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended the 23d 
Kennedy Center Honors Gala at the Kennedy Center for the Performing 
Arts.

December 4

    In the afternoon, the President met with congressional leaders in 
the Oval Office to discuss budget legislation.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by near-record snow on November 19-21.

December 5

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended a dinner 
honoring the Senate of the 107th Congress in the Great Hall of the U.S. 
Supreme Court.

December 6

    The President declared a major disaster in Montana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms beginning October 31 and continuing 
through November 20.

December 7

    In an afternoon ceremony in the Oval Office, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Michael King of Barbados, 
Mohammed Bin Ali Thani Al-Khusaiby of Oman, Claudia Fritsche of 
Liechtenstein, Lisa Shoman of Belize, Al Asri Saeed Ahmed Al Dhahari of 
the United Arab Emirates, and Alfonso Ortega Urbina of Nicaragua. Later, 
he met with congressional leaders in the Oval Office to discuss budget 
legislation.

December 8

    In the morning, the President traveled to Kearney, NE, and later, he 
visited Grand Platte Archway Monument. In the afternoon, he traveled to 
Omaha, NE, and later, he returned to Washington, DC.
     The President announced his intention to appoint James C. Free as a 
member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage 
Corporation.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Islam A. Siddiqui 
to be Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, U.S. 
Department of Agriculture.
     The President announced his intention to appoint James R. Thompson, 
Jr., as a member of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission.
     The President announced his intention to appoint Smith Bagley, 
William F. McSweeny, and Thomas E. Wheeler as members of the Board of 
Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.