Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 20 (Monday, May 22, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 20 (Monday, May 22, 2000)]
[Pages 1133-1134]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Congressional Action on Permanent Normal Trade Relations 
With China

May 17, 2000

    I am encouraged that the Senate Finance Committee and the House Ways 
and Means Committee have both approved legislation today authorizing the 
extension of permanent normal trade relations to China. Today's approval 
of PNTR is a significant step toward

[[Page 1134]]

final passage by the Congress. The strong bipartisan votes in both 
committees send a clear, strong message that permanent normal trade 
relations for China is vital to America's prosperity at home, our 
leadership in the world, and to positive change in China.
    The full Congress will now consider this legislation. Members will 
not decide whether China will join the WTO--it will. Congress will 
decide whether we put American workers, farmers, and businesses at a 
disadvantage by denying them the access to and benefits from China's 
markets that their competitors in Japan and Europe will have. A vote for 
PNTR will bring down China's barriers to American exports, opening the 
largest potential market in the world to our goods and services. A vote 
against PNTR will cost us exports and jobs and cede this massive new 
market to our competitors.
    This is a decision of great importance and a moment of historic 
opportunity. In this, the last week before the final vote, I will 
redouble my efforts to convince Congress and the American people to 
seize that opportunity to strengthen our economy, our national security, 
and the forces of reform and positive change in China.