Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 51 (Monday, December 25, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 51 (Monday, December 25, 2000)]
[Pages 3160-3161]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved December 15 *
     *This law was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.

H.J. Res. 133 / Public Law 106-543

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes
Approved December 19

H.R. 3048 / Public Law 106-544

Presidential Threat Protection Act of 2000

H.R. 4281 / Public Law 106-545

ICCVAM Authorization Act of 2000

H.R. 4640 / Public Law 106-546

DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000

H.R. 4827 / Public Law 106-547

Enhanced Federal Security Act of 2000

S. 1972 / Public Law 106-548

To direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey to the town of Dolores, 
Colorado, the current site of the Joe Rowell Park

S. 2594 / Public Law 106-549

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to contract with the Mancos 
Water Conservancy District to use the Mancos Project facilities for 
impounding, storage, diverting, and carriage of nonproject water for the 
purpose of irrigation, domestic, municipal, industrial, and any other 
beneficial purposes

S. 3137 / Public Law 106-550

James Madison Commemoration Commission Act
Approved December 20

H.R. 3514 / Public Law 106-551

Chimpanzee Health Improvement, Maintenance, and Protection Act

H.R. 5016 / Public Law 106-552

To redesignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 514 Express Center Road in Chicago, Illinois, as the ``J.T. Weeker 
Service Center''
Approved December 21

H.R. 4942 / Public Law 106-553

Making appropriations for the government of the District of Columbia and 
other activities chargeable in whole or in part against the revenues of 
said District for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2001, and for 
other purposes.

H.R. 4577 / Public Law 106-554

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001

H.R. 2903 / Public Law 106-555

Striped Bass Conservation, Atlantic Coastal Fisheries Management, and 
Marine Mammal Rescue Assistance Act of 2000

H.R. 5210 / Public Law 106-556

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
200 South George Street in York, Pennsylvania, as the ``George Atlee 
Goodling Post Office Building''

H.R. 5461 / Public Law 106-557

Shark Finning Prohibition Act

[[Page 3161]]

S. 439 / Public Law 106-558

To amend the National Forest and Public Lands of Nevada Enhancement Act 
of 1988 to adjust the boundary of the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada, 
and to amend chapter 55 of title 5, United States Code, to authorize 
equal overtime pay provisions for all Federal employees engaged in 
wildland fire suppression operations.

S. 1508 / Public Law 106-559

Indian Tribal Justice Technical and Legal Assistance Act of 2000

S. 1898 / Public Law 106-560

Interstate Transportation of Dangerous Criminals Act of 2000

S. 3045 / Public Law 106-561

Paul Coverdell National Forensic Sciences Improvement Act of 2000