Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 15 (Monday, April 17, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 15 (Monday, April 17, 2000)]
[Pages 835-836]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 836]]



April 8

    In the morning, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA, and in 
the afternoon, he traveled to Alexandria, LA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 9

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Fayetteville, AR, where they visited the University of Arkansas. In the 
evening, they returned to Washington, DC.

April 10

    The President declared a major disaster in Maryland and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on January 25-30.
    The President declared a major disaster in the District of Columbia 
and ordered Federal aid to supplement District recovery efforts in the 
area struck by a severe winter storm on January 25-31.

April 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Annapolis, MD, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Phil Boyer to be a 
member of the Federal Aviation Management Advisory Council.

April 12

    In the morning, the President traveled to Denver, CO, and in the 
evening, he traveled to Chappaqua, NY.

April 13

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Donald Walsh 
to be Ambassador to Argentina.

April 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Atlanta, GA.
     In the evening, the President attended a dinner for Representative 
John Lewis at the Atlanta Airport Hilton and Towers. Later, he traveled 
to Palo Alto, CA.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mildred S. 
Dresselhaus to be Director of Energy Research for the Department of 
Energy.
    The White House announced that the President will address 
commencements at Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti, MI, on April 
30; the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, CT, on May 17; and 
Carleton College in Northfield, MN, on June 10.