Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 8 (Monday, February 28, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 8 (Monday, February 28, 2000)]
[Page 390]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 19

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton attended the 
wedding of a former White House staff member at the Foundry United 
Methodist Church.

February 22

    The President announced his intention to nominate Michelle Andrews 
Smith to be Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs at the Department of 
the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Laurence E. Pope 
to be Ambassador to Kuwait.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rose M. Likins to 
be Ambassador to El Salvador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Edward Herbst 
to be Ambassador to Uzbekistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Howard Franklin 
Jeter to be Ambassador to Nigeria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate A. Elizabeth Jones 
to be Ambassador to Germany.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Robert 
Dinerstein, Ann Forts, Sally Jochum, Deborah Spitalnik, and Cathy Ficker 
Terrill as members of the President's Committee on Mental Retardation.

February 23

    In the morning, the President met with King Juan Carlos I of Spain 
in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick Francis 
Kennedy to be Representative of the U.S. to the European Office of the 
United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nina V. Fedoroff 
and Diana S. Natalicio to be members of the National Science Board.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Aachen 
and Berlin, Germany, on May 1-2.

February 24

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, and in 
the evening, he traveled to New York City.
    Later, the President traveled to Chappaqua, NY.

February 25

    In the morning, the President returned to the Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the Marriott Wardman Park 
Hotel for the presentation of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality 
Awards, but a fire in the hotel at the beginning of the President's 
remarks prevented him from completing his participation in the ceremony.