Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 42 (Monday, October 23, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 42 (Monday, October 23, 2000)]
[Pages 2525-2526]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Nominations Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Submitted October 17

Edward Correia,

of Maryland, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2002, vice Michael B. Unhjem, term expired.

Tom C. Korologos,

of Virginia, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for a 
term expiring August 13, 2001 (reappointment).

Robert M. Ledbetter, Jr.,

of Mississippi, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors 
for a term expiring August 13, 2003, vice Bette Bao Lord, term expired.

Mark J. Mazur,

of Maryland, to be Administrator of the Energy Information 
Administration, Department of Energy, vice Jay E. Hakes, resigned.

Dennis P. Walsh,

of Maryland, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years

[[Page 2526]]

expiring December 16, 2004, vice Sarah McCracken Fox.

James Lynwood Younger, Jr.,

of Virginia, to be U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of Virginia for 
the term of 4 years, vice John William Marshall, resigned.
Withdrawn October 17

Sarah McCracken Fox,

of New York, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring December 16, 2004, to which position she 
was appointed during the recess of the Senate from November 19, 1999, to 
January 24, 2000, which was sent to the Senate on March 2, 2000.
Submitted October 19

Claude A. Allen,

of Virginia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2005, vice 
Marion M. Dawson, term expired.

Willie Grace Campbell,

of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2005 
(reappointment).

Fred P. DuVal,

of Arizona, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring October 6, 2002, vice Ann 
Brownell Sloane, term expired.

Marca Bristo,

of Illinois, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2001 (reappointment).

Allen E. Carrier,

of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of 
the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts 
Development for a term expiring May 19, 2004, vice Duane H. King, term 
expired.

Bill Duke,

of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Council on 
the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Charles 
Patrick Henry, term expired.

Gregory M. Frazier,

of Kansas, to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the United 
States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador (new position).

Peggy Goldwater-Clay,

of California, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for a term 
expiring June 5, 2006 (reappointment).

Hans Mark,

of Texas, to be Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Nuclear and 
Chemical and Biological Defense Programs, vice Harold P. Smith, Jr., 
resigned.

Norman A. Wulf,

of Virginia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of 
America to the 44th Session of the General Conference of the 
International Atomic Energy Agency.