Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 42 (Monday, October 23, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 42 (Monday, October 23, 2000)]
[Pages 2523-2524]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Signing the Fourth Continuing Resolution for Fiscal Year 
2001

October 20, 2000

    Today I am signing a measure that will grant Congress still one more 
in a series of extensions it needs to finish its work. Unfortunately, 
Congress has shown little urgency toward completing its work, even 
though we are now 3 weeks into the new fiscal year, and some of our most 
essential priorities, especially in the area of education, have yet to 
be addressed.
    As of today, Congress has failed to make a commitment to reducing 
class size and repairing our crumbling schools--two priorities crucial 
for our Nation's students. I urge Congress to approve our proposed tax 
credits to help local communities with new school construction. In 
addition, Congress should invest in accountability to turn around or 
shut down failing schools and open them under new management, in 
improving teacher quality, and in expanding after-school efforts that 
help children learn in a safe environment.
    Congress must get to work to address these and other key priorities. 
The measure I am signing today ends in 5 days. Congress should complete 
its work by Wednesday, when this stopgap funding measure expires. If 
Congress fails to complete its work by then, I will only grant 
additional extensions one day at a time. Congress needs to stay in town 
and complete its business without additional delay.

[[Page 2524]]

Note: At the time of publication, H.J. Res. 114, approved October 20, 
had not been received by the Office of the Federal Register in time for 
assignment of a public law number.