Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 51 (Monday, December 25, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 51 (Monday, December 25, 2000)]
[Pages 3158-3159]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 18

    In the morning, the President met in the Oval Office with President 
Jacques Chirac of France in Mr. Chirac's capacity as President of the 
European Union. Later, the President met with participants of the 
European Union summit in the Oval Office.
    In the evening, the President traveled to New York City. Later, the 
President and Hillary Clinton traveled to Chappaqua, NY.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edwin A. Levine to 
be Assistant Administrator for the Environmental Information and Chief 
Information Officer of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to designate Charles H. Cole 
as Chair of the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation.
    The President announced the recess appointment of James J. Hoecker 
as a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Susan Ness as a 
member of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Maj. Gen. James R. 
Klugh, USA (Ret.), as a member of the National Veterans Business 
Development Corporation.

December 19

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President hosted a ``Christmas Story Hour,'' 
in which he read ``Twas the Night Before Christmas'' to a group of 
children in the East Room.

December 20

    In the afternoon, the President met with Israeli and Palestinian 
Middle East peace process negotiators in the Cabinet Room.
    The President announced the appointment of Julie E. Samuels as 
Director of the National Institute of Justice.
    The President announced the reappointment of Marilyn Golden and the 
appointment of Soy Williams as members of the Architectural and 
Transportation Barriers Compliance Board.

December 21

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt concerning the Middle East peace 
process. The White House announced that the President met with local 
Muslim leaders honoring the holy month of Ramadan.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Frank H. Pearl and 
Mark S. Weiner to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center 
for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced the recess appointment of David Z. Plavin as 
a member of the Federal Aviation Management Advisory Council.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Arthenia L. Joyner 
as a member of the Federal Aviation Management Advisory Council.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Elwood (Elgie) 
Holstein, Jr., as Assistant Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere at the 
Department of Commerce.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Gregory M. Frazier 
as Chief Agricultural Negotiator for the U.S. Trade Representative.

[[Page 3159]]

    The President announced the recess appointment of Michael V. Dunn as 
a member of the Farm Credit Administration Board.
    The President announced the recess appointment of James A. Dorskind 
as General Counsel at the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced the recess appointment of James V. Aidala as 
Assistant Administrator for Prevention, Pesticides, and Toxic Substances 
at the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Kenneth Lee Smith 
as Assistant Secretary for Fish, Wildlife, and Parks at the Department 
of the Interior.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Edwin A. Levine as 
Assistant Administrator for Environmental Information and Chief 
Information Officer at the Environmental Protection Agency.

December 22

    The White House announced that the President received 
recommendations from Interior Secretary Babbitt for designation of five 
new national monuments in California, Montana, and the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, and intends to make decisions on those recommendations in the 
coming weeks.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Fred P. DuVal as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Beth S. Slavet as 
Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Shibley Telhami as 
a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Anita Perez 
Ferguson as Chair of the Inter-American Foundation.
    The President announced the recess appointment of George (Buddy) 
Darden as a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private 
Investment Corporation.