Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 30 (Monday, July 31, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 30 (Monday, July 31, 2000)]
[Pages 1717-1718]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 21 *

    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on May 3 and continuing 
through June 30.
     *This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.

July 22

    In the morning, the President participated in a tree planting 
ceremony in the garden at the Bankoku Shinryokan convention center in 
Okinawa, Japan. Later, he attended sessions of the G-8 summit in the 
Conference Hall at the convention center, ending in the afternoon.
    In the evening, the President attended a G-8 reception and dinner in 
the Shuri Castle.
    The President nominated Miguel D. Lausell to be a member of the 
Overseas Private Investment Corporation.

July 23

    In the morning, the President attended the final session of the G-8 
summit in the Conference Hall at the Bankoku Shinryokan convention 
center.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
in the evening. Later, he went to Camp David, MD.
    In the evening, the President met with his foreign policy team 
concerning the ongoing Middle East Peace Summit. Later, he met 
separately with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel and Chairman Yasser 
Arafat of the Palestinian Authority, and then met with members of the 
Israeli and Palestinian negotiating teams into the following morning.

July 24

    In the morning, the President met with members of the Israeli and 
Palestinian negotiating teams, ending in the afternoon.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Z. Plavin to 
be a member of the Federal Aviation Management Advisory Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margrethe 
Lundsager to be Alternate U.S. Executive Director at the International 
Monetary Fund.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Geoff Bacino to be 
member of the National Credit Union Administration.
    The President announced the appointment of Tieraona Low Dog to the 
White House Commission on Complementary and Alternative Medicine Policy.

July 25

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Fayetteville, AR, and in the evening, they returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving after midnight.

[[Page 1718]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonathan Talisman 
to be Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy at the Department of the 
Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Richard W. 
Danielson, Robert A. Glassman, Craig W. Hartzell, Arthur M. Lopez, and 
Ruth Lillian Young as members of the National Veterans Business 
Development Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Ned W. Bandler, 
Chaskel Besser, and Rachmiel Liberman as members of the Commission for 
the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad.
    The White House announced that the President directed the Department 
of Health and Human Services to release Low Income Home Energy 
Assistance program emergency funds for States affected by a heat wave.

July 26

    The President announced his intention to nominate Sue Bailey to be 
Administrator for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.

July 27

    The President announced the nomination of Edward Kaufman and Alberto 
J. Mora to be members of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on July 14-18.
    The White House announced that President-elect Vincente Fox of 
Mexico will visit the White House on August 24.

July 28

    In the morning, the President traveled to Providence, RI, arriving 
in the afternoon. Later, he traveled to Boston, MA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his July 27th nomination of Troy Hamilton 
Cribb to be Assistant Secretary for Import Administration, International 
Trade Administration at the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his July 27th nomination of Robert N. 
Shamansky to be a member of the National Security Education Board.
    The President announced his July 27th nomination of Paula M. 
Junghans to be Assistant Attorney General for the Tax Division at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his July 27th nomination of James H. Atkins 
to be a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board.
    The President amended the disaster declaration for Minnesota issued 
on June 27 to include assistance for families and local governments 
victimized by the deadly tornado that struck the town of Granite Falls 
in Yellow Medicine County on July 25.