Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 29 (Monday, July 24, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 29 (Monday, July 24, 2000)]
[Pages 1659-1660]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 15

    Throughout the day, the President participated in the Middle East 
Peace Summit at Camp David, MD.
    In the evening, the President had a working dinner with Prime 
Minister Ehud Barak of Israel and Chairman Yasser Arafat of the 
Palestinian Authority. Later, he met with his foreign policy team.

July 16

    In the afternoon, the President met with members of the Israeli and 
Palestinian negotiating teams, and later, he met with members of his 
foreign policy team.
    In the evening, the President met separately with Chairman Arafat 
and Prime Minister Barak.

July 17

    In the morning, the President met with his foreign policy team, and 
in the afternoon, he met with Prime Minister Barak. Later, he met again 
with his foreign policy team.
    In the evening, the President met with Chairman Arafat and twice 
with Prime Minister Barak.

July 18

    In the morning, the President met with Chairman Arafat.
    In the evening, the President met separately with Prime Minister 
Barak and Chairman Arafat.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Seymour Martin 
Lipset to be a member of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Frances B. Craig to 
serve on the Advisory Committee on Expanding Training Opportunities.

July 19

    In the morning, the President met with his foreign policy team, and 
later, he met separately with Chairman Arafat and Prime Minister Barak.
    In the early evening, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Barak, and later, he met again with Chairman Arafat. 
In addition to the meetings, the President had several telephone 
conversations with Middle East leaders apprising them of the status of 
negotiations.
    Throughout the evening, the President met several more times with 
the Chairman and the Prime Minister until shortly after midnight, when 
he traveled to Okinawa, Japan.

July 20

    The President announced his intention to appoint D. David 
Eisenhower, Alfred Geduldig, Susan B. Harris, and Rocco C. Siciliano as 
members of the Dwight D. 
Eisenhower Memorial Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter A. Seligmann 
as a member of the Enterprise for the Americas Board.

July 21

    In the morning, the President arrived in Okinawa.

[[Page 1660]]

    In the afternoon, the President participated in a G-7 meeting in the 
Conference Hall at the Bankoku Shinryokan convention center.
    In the evening, the President attended a G-8 working dinner in the 
Reception Hall at the Bankoku Shinryokan convention center.