Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 5 (Monday, February 7, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 5 (Monday, February 7, 2000)]
[Pages 229-230]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 29

    In the morning, the President traveled from Zurich, Switzerland, to 
Davos, and in the evening, he returned to Washington, DC, arriving after 
midnight.

January 30

    In the evening, the President hosted a Super Bowl party in the 
Family Theater at the White House. After the game, he placed separate 
telephone calls to Dick Vermeil, head coach, Super Bowl champion St. 
Louis Rams, and Jeff Fisher, head coach, Tennessee Titans.

January 31

    In the evening, the President had telephone conversations from the 
Oval Office with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom and 
Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams concerning the Northern Ireland peace 
process.
    The President announced the recipients of the 1999 National Medal of 
Science and National Medal of Technology.
    The President announced his intention to nominate of Richard C. 
Houseworth and Donna A. Tanoue to be members of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nathan O. Hatch to 
be a member of the National Council on the Humanities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ross L. Wilson to 
be Ambassador to Azerbaijan.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by a severe winter storm beginning on January 24 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by a severe winter storm beginning on January 22 and 
continuing.

February 1

    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward McGaffigan, 
Jr., to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to south 
Asia during the week of March 20. During that time he is to visit India 
and Bangladesh.

February 2

    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas G. Weston 
for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as Special Coordinator for 
Cyprus.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Karl William 
Hofmann to be Ambassador to Togo.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan S. Jacobs to 
be Ambassador to Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, and Vanuatu.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John F. Tefft to 
be Ambassador to Lithuania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald Y. Yamamoto 
to be Ambassador to Djibouti.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janet A. Sanderson 
to be Ambassador to Algeria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carey Cavanaugh 
for the rank of Ambassador, as Special Negotiator for Nagorno-Karabakh 
and New Independent States Regional Conflicts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John W. Limbert to 
be Ambassador to Mauritania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lauress L. Wise 
II, to be Commissioner of Education Statistics at the Department of 
Education.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nancy T. Taylor to 
the President's Advisory Committee on the Arts of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ian A. Bowles as a 
member of the Enterprise for the Americas Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Patty Gerstenblith 
as a member of the Cultural Property Advisory Committee.

[[Page 230]]

February 3

    In an afternoon ceremony in the Oval Office, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Arman Kirakossian of Armenia, 
Maleeha Lodhi of Pakistan, Faida Mitifu of the Democratic Republic of 
Congo, Idriss Jazairy of Algeria, David Ivy of Israel, Paul T.S. 
Kandiero of Malawi, Gunter Burghardt of the European Commission, 
Guillermo Gonzalez of Argentina, John Paul Bojang of Gambia, Michael J. 
Thawley of Australia, and Kostyantyn Gryshchenko of Ukraine.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger A. Meece to 
be Ambassador to Malawi.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald E. Neumann 
to be Ambassador to Bahrain.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rust Macpherson 
Deming to be Ambassador to Tunisia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nikki McCray and 
Ken Preminger as members of the President's Council on Physical Fitness 
and Sports.

February 4

    The President announced his intention to appoint Diana S. Natalicio 
as a member of the President's Committee on the Arts and the Humanities.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Colleen M. Kelley 
as a member of the Federal Salary Council.
    The White House announced that the President has invited King Juan 
Carlos I of Spain for a state visit to Washington on February 23.