Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 47 (Monday, November 27, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 47 (Monday, November 27, 2000)]
[Pages 2927-2928]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 18

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled from 
Hanoi, Vietnam, to Tien Chau Village, Vietnam, and in the afternoon, 
they returned to Hanoi.
    In the early evening, the President met with Le Kha Phieu, general 
secretary, Vietnamese Communist Party, in the Reception Room at Party 
Headquarters. Later, he met with President Tran Duc Luong of Vietnam in 
Room A at the Presidential Palace.
    In the evening, the President participated in a repatriation 
ceremony on the tarmac at Noi Bai Airport for recovered remains of 
American soldiers. He then traveled to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mubashar A. Choudry 
and Allan M. Dabrow to the President's Commission on Drug-Free 
Communities.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Larry L. (Butch) 
Brown, Sr., as a member of the Board of Governors of the United Service 
Organizations, Inc.

November 19

    In the morning, the President participated in a roundtable 
discussion in the courtyard of the Ho Chi Minh City Fine Arts Museum on 
the next generation of leadership in Vietnam.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska. Aboard Air Force One on the tarmac, 
the President made a telephone call expressing condolences to Susan 
Ruff, wife of former White House Counsel Charles F.C. Ruff, who died 
earlier in the day. Later, the President and Hillary Clinton returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving the following morning.

November 20

    In the morning, the President made a brief condolence visit to the 
Washington, DC, home of Charles F.C. Ruff.

November 21

    The President announced his intention to reappoint Alan H. Schecter 
as a member of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board.

[[Page 2928]]

November 22

    In the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Calvin V. French as 
a member of the Board of Governors for the United Service Organizations, 
Inc.