Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 27 (Monday, July 10, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 27 (Monday, July 10, 2000)]
[Pages 1596-1597]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Release of School Accountability Funds

July 6, 2000

    I am pleased that the Education Department announced today the 
release of the first $100 million from the Title I School Accountability 
Fund to help States and school districts turn around low performing 
schools. Over the last 7 years, we have followed a commonsense reform 
strategy--invest more in our schools and demand more in return. The 
funds announced today will support local communities in 31 States and 
the District of Columbia implement strategies that work to turn around 
their worst performing schools by: implementing a tougher curriculum; 
helping teachers get the skills and training they need; and if 
necessary, closing down a failing school and reopening it under new 
leadership or as a public charter school.
    Today I call on Congress again to enact my budget proposal, which 
would double the

[[Page 1597]]

Accountability Fund to $250 million; fulfill our commitment to hire 
100,000 high-quality teachers to reduce class size in the early grades; 
build and modernize public schools; and ensure after-school help for 
every child in a failing school. I also urge Congress to pass my 
``Education Accountability Act,'' which will enhance the efforts of 
States, districts, and schools to ensure all of America's children can 
achieve high standards by focusing on results.

 Note: The statement referred to Title I--Improving America's Schools 
Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-382), which amended Title I--Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 (Public Law 89-10).