Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 1 (Monday, January 8, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 1 (Monday, January 8, 2001)]
[Page 1]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 7389--To Extend Nondiscriminatory Treatment (Normal Trade 
Relations Treatment) to the Products of the Republic of Georgia

 December 29, 2000

 By the President of the United States

 of America

 A Proclamation

    1. The Republic of Georgia (Georgia) has made progress, since its 
emergence from communism, toward democratic rule and the creation of a 
free market economy. Georgia has also made considerable progress toward 
respecting fundamental human rights consistent with the objectives of 
title IV of the Trade Act of 1974 (the ``Trade Act'') (19 U.S.C. 2431, 
et seq.). Further, I have found Georgia to be in full compliance with 
the freedom of emigration requirements under the Trade Act. In 1993, 
Georgia concluded a bilateral trade agreement with the United States and 
in 1994 concluded a bilateral investment treaty with the United States. 
Georgia acceded to the World Trade Organization (WTO) on June 14, 2000. 
The extension of unconditional normal trade relations treatment to the 
products of Georgia will permit the United States to avail itself of all 
rights under the WTO with respect to Georgia.
    2. Pursuant to section 3002 of Public Law 106-476, 114 Stat. 2101, 
2175, and having due regard for the findings of the Congress in section 
3001 of that law, I hereby determine that title IV of the Trade Act 
should no longer apply to Georgia.
    Now, Therefore, I, William J. Clinton, President of the United 
States of America, acting under the authority vested in me by the 
Constitution and the laws of the United States, including but not 
limited to section 3002 of Public Law 106-476, do hereby proclaim that:
    (1) Nondiscriminatory treatment (normal trade relations treatment) 
shall be extended to the products of Georgia; and
    (2) The extension of nondiscriminatory treatment to the products of 
Georgia shall be effective as of the date of signature of this 
proclamation.
    In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty-ninth 
day of December, in the year of our Lord two thousand, and of the 
Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and twenty-
fifth.
                                            William J. Clinton

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 12:32 p.m., January 2, 
2001]

Note: This proclamation was published in the Federal Register on January 
3. This item was not received in time for publication in the appropriate 
issue.