Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 39 (Monday, October 2, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 39 (Monday, October 2, 2000)]
[Pages 2263-2264]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Palo Alto, CA. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to San Jose, and in the evening, he returned to 
Brentwood and Beverly Hills.

September 24

    In the morning, the President traveled to Pacific Palisades and Bel 
Air, CA, and in the afternoon, he traveled to Hidden Hills. In the 
evening, he returned to Beverly Hills.

[[Page 2264]]

September 25

    In the morning, the President traveled to Santa Fe, NM, and in the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald L. Robinson 
to be a member of the National Commission on Libraries and Information 
Science.
    The President announced his intention to nominate for reappointment 
Arthur A. McGiverin and Robert A. Miller to be members of the Board of 
Directors of the State Justice Institute.

September 26

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel concerning the Middle East peace 
process.
    The President announced the nomination of Mary Lou Leary to be 
Assistant Attorney General in the Office of Justice Programs at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced the nomination of John J. Wilson to be 
Administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency 
Prevention at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Isabel Carter 
Stewart to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James F. Dobbins 
to be Assistant Secretary of European Affairs at the Department of 
State.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Betty Bumpers to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and a tornado on September 20.

September 27

    In the morning, the President traveled to Dallas, TX. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to Houston, and in the evening, he returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving after midnight.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Raynard C. Soon as 
a member of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.
    The President announced the nomination of John L. Palmer and Thomas 
R. Saving to be public members of the Board of Trustees of the Federal 
Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability 
Insurance Trust Fund (Social Security). They will also be nominated to 
be public members of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital 
Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance 
Trust Fund (Medicare).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Shibley Telhami to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.

September 28

    The President announced his intention to nominate for reappointment 
Sophia H. Hall to the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute.

September 29

    The President participated in outgoing White House Press Secretary 
Joe Lockhart's final press briefing.