Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 45 (Monday, November 13, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 45 (Monday, November 13, 2000)]
[Pages 2815-2817]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved November 4

H.J. Res. 124 / Public Law 106-427

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes

H.J. Res. 84 / Public Law 106-428

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2001, and 
for other purposes
Approved November 6

H.R. 4811 / Public Law 106-429

Making appropriations for foreign operations, export financing, and 
related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2001, and for 
other purposes

H.R. 5178 / Public Law 106-430

Needlestick Safety and Prevention Act

H.R. 468 / Public Law 106-431

Saint Helena Island National Scenic Area Act

H.R. 1725 / Public Law 106-432

Miwaleta Park Expansion Act

H.R. 3218 / Public Law 106-433

Social Security Number Confidentiality Act of 2000

H.R. 3657 / Public Law 106-434

To provide for the conveyance of a small parcel of public domain land in 
the San Bernardino National Forest in the State of California, and for 
other purposes.

H.R. 3679 / Public Law 106-435

2002 Winter Olympic Commemorative Coin Act

H.R. 4315 / Public Law 106-436

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
3695 Green Road in Beachwood, Ohio, as the ``Larry Small Post Office 
Building''

H.R. 4404 / Public Law 106-437

To permit the payment of medical expenses incurred by the United States 
Park Police in the performance of duty to be made directly by the 
National Park Service, to allow for waiver and indemnification in mutual 
law enforcement agreements between the National Park Service and a State 
or political subdivision when required by State law, and for other 
purposes

H.R. 4450 / Public Law 106-438

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
900 East Fayette Street in Baltimore, Maryland, as the ``Judge Harry 
Augustus Cole Post Office Building''

H.R. 4451 / Public Law 106-439

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
1001 Frederick Road in Baltimore, Maryland, as the ``Frederick L. 
Dewberry, Jr. Post Office Building''

H.R. 4625 / Public Law 106-440

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
2108 East 38th

[[Page 2816]]

Street in Erie, Pennsylvania, as the ``Gertrude A. Barber Post Office 
Building''

H.R. 4786 / Public Law 106-441

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
110 Postal Way in Carrollton, Georgia, as the ``Samuel P. Roberts Post 
Office Building''

H.R. 4957 / Public Law 106-442

To amend the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 to 
extend the legislative authority for the Black Patriots Foundation to 
establish a commemorative work

H.R. 5083 / Public Law 106-443

To extend the authority of the Los Angeles Unified School District to 
use certain park lands in the City of South Gate, California, which were 
acquired with amounts provided from the land and water conservation 
fund, for elementary school purposes

H.R. 5157 / Public Law 106-444

Freedmen's Bureau Records Preservation Act of 2000

H.R. 5273 / Public Law 106-445

United States Mint Numismatic Coin Clarification Act of 2000

H.R. 5314 / Public Law 106-446

To amend title 10, United States Code, to facilitate the adoption of 
retired military working dogs by law enforcement agencies, former 
handlers of these dogs, and other persons capable of caring for these 
dogs

S. 614 / Public Law 106-447

Indian Tribal Regulatory Reform and Business Development Act of 2000

S. 2812 / Public Law 106-448

To amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide a waiver of the 
oath of renunciation and allegiance for naturalization of aliens having 
certain disabilities

S. 3062 / Public Law 106-449

To modify the date on which the Mayor of the District of Columbia 
submits a performance accountability plan to Congress, and for other 
purposes
Approved November 7

H.R. 1651 / Public Law 106-450

To amend the Fishermen's Protective Act of 1967 to extend the period 
during which reimbursement may be provided to owners of United States 
fishing vessels for costs incurred when such a vessel is seized and 
detained by a foreign country, and for other purposes

H.R. 2442 / Public Law 106-451

Wartime Violation of Italian American Civil Liberties Act

H.R. 4831 / Public Law 106-452

To redesignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 2339 North California Avenue in Chicago, Illinois, as the ``Roberto 
Clemente Post Office''

H.R. 4853 / Public Law 106-453

To redesignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 1568 South Green Road in South Euclid, Ohio, as the ``Arnold C. 
D'Amico Station''

H.R. 5229 / Public Law 106-454

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
219 South Church Street in Odum, Georgia, as the ``Ruth Harris Coleman 
Post Office Building''

S. 501 / Public Law 106-455

Glacier Bay National Park Resource Management Act of 2000

S. 503 / Public Law 106-456

Spanish Peaks Wilderness Act of 2000

S. 835 / Public Law 106-457

Estuaries and Clean Waters Act of 2000

S. 1088 / Public Law 106-458

Arizona National Forest Improvement Act of 2000

S. 1211 / Public Law 106-459

To amend the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Act to authorize 
additional measures to carry out the control of salinity upstream of 
Imperial Dam in a cost-effective manner

S. 1218 / Public Law 106-460

To direct the Secretary of the Interior to issue to the Landusky School 
District, without consideration, a patent for the surface

[[Page 2817]]

and mineral estates of certain lots, and for other purposes

S. 1275 / Public Law 106-461

Hoover Dam Miscellaneous Sales Act

S. 1586 / Public Law 106-462

Indian Land Consolidation Act Amendments of 2000

S. 2300 / Public Law 106-463

Coal Market Competition Act of 2000

S. 2719 / Public Law 106-464

Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act 
of 2000

S. 2950 / Public Law 106-465

Sand Creek Massacre National Historic Site Establishment Act of 2000

S. 3022 / Public Law 106-466

Nampa and Meridian Conveyance Act

H.R. 3646 / Private Law 106-8

For the relief of certain Persian Gulf evacuees