Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 42 (Monday, October 23, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 42 (Monday, October 23, 2000)]
[Pages 2524-2525]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Denver, CO, and in the 
afternoon, he traveled to Seattle, WA. In the evening, he returned to 
Washington, DC.

October 15

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Sharm al-Sheikh, Egypt, 
arriving October 16.

October 16

    In the morning, the President met with President Hosni Mubarak of 
Egypt in the Sinai Suite at the Jolie Ville Golf Resort. Later, he met 
separately with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel, Chairman Yasser 
Arafat of the Palestinian Authority, King Abdullah II of Jordan, and 
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan in the Noweiba Suite at the resort.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peggy Goldwater-
Clay to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry Goldwater 
Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bill Duke to be a 
member of the National Council on the Humanities.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Frances M. Visco 
as a member of the President's Cancer Panel.

October 17

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a disaster in Michigan and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding on September 10-11.

[[Page 2525]]

October 18

    In the morning, the President traveled to Norfolk, VA, where he met 
with injured sailors and families of sailors killed or injured in the 
October 12 attack on the U.S.S. Cole. Later, he traveled to Manassas, 
VA, and in the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced the nomination of Dennis P. Walsh to be a 
member of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced the nomination of Tom C. Korologos and 
Robert M. Ledbetter, Jr., to be members of the Broadcasting Board of 
Governors.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Craig Jarolimek as 
a member of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Fred P. DuVal to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation.

October 19

    In the morning, the President met with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina 
of Bangladesh in the Oval Office. In an afternoon ceremony in the Oval 
Office, the President received diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors 
Mohamed Said Ould Hamody of Mauritania, Michael Kergin of Canada, and 
Hatem Atallah of Tunisia.
    In the evening, the President traveled to East Norwalk, CT. En route 
aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with Chairman 
Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian Authority. Upon his arrival, he had a 
telephone conversation with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel from a 
private residence. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Howard K. Koh as a 
member of the National Cancer Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lois N. Epstein to 
be a member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claude A. Allen to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the African Development 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint David Bresler, 
Veronica Gutierrez, Linnea Larson, Xiao Ming Tian, and Donald Warren as 
members of the White House Commission on Complementary and Alternative 
Medicine Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Willie Grace 
Campbell to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation.

October 20

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Jefferson City, MO. In the afternoon, the President traveled to Boston, 
MA.