Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 5 (Monday, February 7, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 5 (Monday, February 7, 2000)]
[Page 208]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Senate Transmitting the Greece-United States Mutual Legal 
Assistance in Criminal Matters Treaty

February 1, 2000

To the Senate of the United States:

    With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to 
ratification, I transmit herewith the Treaty Between the Government of 
the United States of America and the Government of the Hellenic Republic 
on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, signed at Washington on 
May 26, 1999.
    The Treaty is one of a series of modern mutual legal assistance 
treaties being negotiated by the United States in order to counter 
criminal activities more effectively. The Treaty should be an effective 
tool to assist in the prosecution of a wide variety of crimes, including 
terrorism and drug-trafficking offenses. The Treaty is self-executing.
    The Treaty provides for a broad range of cooperation in criminal 
matters. Mutual assistance available under the Treaty includes taking 
testimony or statements of persons; providing documents, records, and 
other items; locating and identifying persons or items; serving 
documents; transferring persons in custody for testimony or other 
purposes; executing requests for searches and seizures; assisting in 
proceedings relating to immobilization and forfeiture of assets, 
restitution, and collection of fines; and any other form of assistance 
not prohibited by the laws of the Requested State.
    I recommend that the Senate give early and favorable consideration 
to the Treaty and give its advice and consent to ratification.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
February 1, 2000.