Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 46 (Monday, November 20, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 46 (Monday, November 20, 2000)]
[Pages 2896-2898]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved November 9

H.R. 1235 / Public Law 106-467

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to enter into contracts with 
the Solano County Water Agency, California, to use Solano Project 
facilities for impounding, storage, and carriage of nonproject water for 
domestic, municipal, industrial, and other beneficial purposes

H.R. 2780 / Public Law 106-468

Kristen's Act

H.R. 2884 / Public Law 106-469

Energy Act of 2000

H.R. 4312 / Public Law 106-470

Upper Housatonic National Heritage Area Study Act of 2000

H.R. 4646 / Public Law 106-471

To designate certain National Forest System lands within the boundaries 
of the State of Virginia as wilderness areas

H.R. 4788 / Public Law 106-472

Grain Standards and Warehouse Improvement Act of 2000

H.R. 4794 / Public Law 106-473

Washington-Rochambeau Revolutionary Route National Heritage Act of 2000

H.R. 4846 / Public Law 106-474

National Recording Preservation Act of 2000

H.R. 4864 / Public Law 106-475

Veterans Claims Assistance Act of 2000

H.R. 4868 / Public Law 106-476

Tariff Suspension and Trade Act of 2000

[[Page 2897]]

H.R. 5110 / Public Law 106-477

To designate the United States courthouse located at 3470 12th Street in 
Riverside, California, as the ``George E. Brown, Jr. United States 
Courthouse''

H.R. 5302 / Public Law 106-478

To designate the United States courthouse located at 1010 Fifth Avenue 
in Seattle, Washington, as the ``William Kenzo Nakamura United States 
Courthouse''

H.R. 5331 / Public Law 106-479

To authorize the Frederick Douglass Gardens, Inc., to establish a 
memorial and gardens on Department of the Interior lands in the District 
of Columbia or its environs in honor and commemoration of Frederick 
Douglass

H.R. 5388 / Public Law 106-480

To designate a building proposed to be located within the boundaries of 
the Chincoteague National Wildlife Refuge, as the ``Herbert H. Bateman 
Education and Administrative Center''

H.R. 5410 / Public Law 106-481

Library of Congress Fiscal Operations Improvement Act of 2000

H.R. 5478 / Public Law 106-482

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire by donation 
suitable land to serve as the new location for the home of Alexander 
Hamilton, commonly known as the Hamilton Grange, and to authorize the 
relocation of the Hamilton Grange to the acquired land

H.J. Res. 102 / Public Law 106-483

Recognizing that the Birmingham Pledge has made a significant 
contribution in fostering racial harmony and reconciliation in the 
United States and around the world, and for other purposes

S. 484 / Public Law 106-484

Bring Them Home Alive Act of 2000

S. 610 / Public Law 106-485

To direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land under the 
jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management in Washakie County and Big 
Horn County, Wyoming, to the Westside Irrigation District, Wyoming, and 
for other purposes

S. 698 / Public Law 106-486

To review the suitability and feasibility of recovering costs of high 
altitude rescues at Denali National Park and Preserve in the State of 
Alaska, and for other purposes

S. 710 / Public Law 106-487

Vicksburg Campaign Trail Battlefields Preservation Act of 2000

S. 748 / Public Law 106-488

To improve Native hiring and contracting by the Federal Government 
within the State of Alaska, and for other purposes

S. 893 / Public Law 106-489

To amend title 46, United States Code, to provide equitable treatment 
with respect to State and local income taxes for certain individuals who 
perform duties on vessels

S. 1030 / Public Law 106-490

To provide that the conveyance by the Bureau of Land Management of the 
surface estate to certain land in the State of Wyoming in exchange for 
certain private land will not result in the removal of the land from 
operation of the mining laws

S. 1367 / Public Law 106-491

To amend the Act which established the Saint-Gaudens National Historic 
Site, in the State of New Hampshire, by modifying the boundary and for 
other purposes

S. 1438 / Public Law 106-492

National Law Enforcement Museum Act

S. 1778 / Public Law 106-493

To provide for equal exchanges of land around the Cascade Reservoir

S. 1894 / Public Law 106-494

To provide for the conveyance of certain land to Park County, Wyoming

S. 2069 / Public Law 106-495

To permit the conveyance of certain land in Powell, Wyoming

S. 2425 / Public Law 106-496

Bend Feed Canal Pipeline Project Act of 2000

S. 2872 / Public Law 106-497

Indian Arts and Crafts Enforcement Act of 2000

[[Page 2898]]

S. 2882 / Public Law 106-498

Klamath Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000

S. 2951 / Public Law 106-499

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to 
investigate opportunities to better manage the water resources in the 
Salmon Creek watershed of the Upper Columbia River

S. 2977 / Public Law 106-500

To assist in establishment of an interpretive center and museum in the 
vicinity of the Diamond Valley Lake in southern California to ensure the 
protection and interpretation of the paleontology discoveries made at 
the lake and to develop a trail system for the lake for use by 
pedestrians and nonmotorized vehicles

H.R. 660 / Private Law 106-9

For the private relief of Ruth Hairston by waiver of a filing deadline 
for appeal from a ruling relating to her application for a survivor 
annuity

H.R. 848 / Private Law 106-10

For the relief of Sepandan Farnia and Farbod Farnia

H.R. 3184 / Private Law 106-11

For the relief of Zohreh Farhang Ghahfarokhi

H.R. 3414 / Private Law 106-12

For the relief of Luis A. Leon-Molina, Ligia Padron, Juan Leon Padron, 
Rendy Leon Padron, Manuel Leon Padron, and Luis Leon Padron

H.R. 5266 / Private Law 106-13

For the relief of Saeed Rezai