Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 30 (Monday, July 31, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 30 (Monday, July 31, 2000)]
[Pages 1718-1719]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Submitted July 25

Margrethe Lundsager,

of Virginia, to be U.S. Alternate Executive Director of the 
International Monetary Fund for a term of 2 years, vice Barry S. Newman, 
term expired.

Jonathan Talisman,

of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, vice Donald 
C. Lubick, resigned.
 Submitted July 26

 Geoff Bacino,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the National Credit Union Administration 
Board for the term of 6 years, expiring August 2, 2005, vice Norman E. 
D'Amours, term expired.

 Edward E. Kaufman,

 of Delaware, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for 
a term expiring August 13, 2003 (reappointment).

[[Page 1719]]

 Alberto J. Mora,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for a 
term expiring August 13, 2003 (reappointment).

 David Z. Plavin,

 of New York, to be a member of the Federal Aviation Management Advisory 
Council for a term of one year (new position).

 Sue Bailey,

 of Maryland, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration, vice Ricardo Martinez, resigned.
 Withdrawn July 26

 John R. Simpson,

 of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years (reappointment), which was sent to the Senate on July 
19, 1999.
 Submitted July 27

 Christine M. Arguello,

 of Colorado, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, vice John 
C. Porfilio, retired.

 James H. Atkins,

 of Arkansas, to be a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment 
Board for a term expiring September 25, 2004 (reappointment).

 Jose Collado,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Advisory Board for Cuba Broadcasting 
for a term expiring December 20, 2000, vice Marjorie B. Kampelman, 
resigned.

 Jose Collado,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Advisory Board for Cuba Broadcasting 
for a term expiring December 20, 2003 (reappointment).

 Paula M. Junghans,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Loretta Collins 
Argrett, resigned.

 David Stewart Cercone,

 of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of 
Pennsylvania, vice Robert J. Cindrich, upon elevation.

 Troy Hamilton Cribb,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, 
vice Robert S. LaRussa.

 Harry Peter Litman,

 of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of 
Pennsylvania, vice Alan N. Bloch, retired.

 Robert N. Shamansky,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the National Security Education Board for a 
term of 4 years (reappointment).