Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 10 (Monday, March 13, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 10 (Monday, March 13, 2000)]
[Page 517]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 4

    In the evening, the President traveled from Palo Alto, CA, to Los 
Angeles, CA. Later, he traveled to Beverly Hills, CA.

March 5

    In the morning, the President traveled to Selma, AL, and in the 
evening, he traveled to Chappaqua, NY.

March 6

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald Arthur 
Mahley for rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Special 
Negotiator for Chemical and Biological Arms Control Issues.

March 7

    In the evening, the President was joined by friends and Members of 
Congress in the Family Theater at the White House to watch the Super 
Tuesday primary returns.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas Dworkin to 
be General Counsel at the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rudy de Leon to be 
Deputy Secretary at the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ronald D. Sugar as 
a member of the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John E. Neece as a 
member of the Community Adjustment and Investment Program Advisory 
Committee.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding beginning on February 18 and continuing 
through March 2.
    The White House announced that the President will visit Pakistan as 
part of his upcoming visit to South Asia.

March 9

    The President announced his intention to nominate Madelyn R. Creedon 
to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs, National Nuclear 
Security Administration at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Stephen C. Duffy as 
a member of the National Cancer Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John J. Larivee, 
Jackie Rowe-Adams, and Michael Taylor as members of the Parents Advisory 
Council on Youth Drug Abuse.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Teresa 
Ghilarducci as a member of the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit 
Guaranty Corporation.

March 10

    The President announced his intention to nominate Marc Grossman to 
be Director General of the Foreign Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William A. Eaton 
to be Assistant Secretary for Administration at the Department of State.