Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36 Issue 28 (Monday, July 17, 2000)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 36, Number 28 (Monday, July 17, 2000)]
[Pages 1645-1646]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Digest of Other White House Announcements


________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 10

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to State College, PA. While 
en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia.
    Later, at the Penn Stater Hotel, the President met with Sherry Pope, 
wife of retired U.S. naval officer Edmond Pope, who has been detained by 
the Russian Federal Security Service in Moscow since April 4 on charges 
of espionage.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, and 
later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Leslie Beth 
Kramerich to be Assistant Secretary for Pension and Welfare Benefits at 
the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rolland A. 
Schmitten as U.S. Commissioner of the International Whaling Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sara Castro-Klaren 
to the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Nigeria 
on August 25-27.

July 11

    In the morning, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President met separately with Chairman Yasser 
Arafat of the Palestinian Authority and Prime Minister Ehud Barak of 
Israel on the back porch of Aspen Cottage. He then attended a plenary 
session of the Middle East Peace Summit with Chairman Arafat and Prime 
Minister Barak in the Conference Room of the Laurel Cabin.
    Later, the President met separately with Chairman Arafat and Prime 
Minister Barak in the Living Room of the Holly Cottage.
    In the evening, the President met with Chairman Arafat in the 
President's office at the Laurel Cabin.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ronald W. Burkle to 
the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John Tull as a 
member of the Board for International Food and Agriculture Development.

[[Page 1646]]

July 12

    In the morning, the President met with Prime Minister Barak at the 
Aspen Cottage.
    In the evening, the President met with Chairman Arafat at the Laurel 
Cabin.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark K. Shriver as 
a member of the President's Council on Mental Retardation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Guy R. McMinds as 
U.S. Commissioner of the North Pacific Anadromous Fish Commission.

July 13

    In the morning, the President traveled to Baltimore, MD, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC. Later, he went to Camp David, 
MD.
    In the evening, the President met with Israeli Minister of Internal 
Security Shlomo Ben Ami on the back porch of the Aspen Cottage. Later, 
he had separate bilateral discussions with Prime Minister Barak and 
Chairman Arafat.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Judith A. Winston 
to be Under Secretary of the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bonnie Prouty 
Castrey to be Chair of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced the appointment of James S. Gordon as Chair 
and the following individuals as members of the White House Commission 
on Complementary and Alternative Medicine Policy: George M. Bernier, 
Jr.; George Thomas DeVries III; William R. Fair; Joseph J. Fins; Wayne 
B. Jonas; Charlotte Rose Kerr; Dean Ornish; Conchita M. Paz; Buford L. 
Rolin; Julia Scott; Thomas M. Chappell; and Effie Poy Yew Chow.

July 14

    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Barak at the 
Aspen Cottage. Later, he met with Chairman Arafat at the Birch Cottage.
    The President announced the nomination of John E. McLaughlin to be 
Deputy Director of Central Intelligence.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Maynard H. Jackson 
to the Fannie Mae Board of Directors.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Larry D. Welch as a 
member of the Security Policy Advisory Board.