Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 4 (Monday, January 26, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 4 (Monday, January 26, 2004)]
[Pages 134-136]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted January 20

 Claude A. Allen,

 of Virginia, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, vice 
Francis D. Murnaghan, Jr., deceased.

 Paul S. Diamond,

 of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Pennsylvania, vice Herbert J. Hutton, retired.

 Robert Bryan Harwell,

 of South Carolina, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of South 
Carolina, vice C. Weston Houck, retiring.

 George P. Schiavelli,

 of California, to be U.S. District Judge for the Central District of 
California, vice Lourdes G. Baird, retiring.
 Submitted January 21

 Charles Johnson,

 of Utah, to be Chief Financial Officer, Environmental Protection 
Agency, vice Linda Morrison Combs.

 Stephen L. Johnson,

 of Maryland, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency, vice Linda J. Fisher, resigned.

 Gerard Schwarz,

 of Washington, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for 
the remainder of the term expiring September 3, 2006, vice Earl A. 
Powell III, resigned.

 Bradley D. Belt,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Social Security 
Advisory Board for a term expiring September 30, 2008, vice Stanford G. 
Ross, term expired, to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

[[Page 135]]

 Cynthia Boich,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring 
October 6, 2007, vice Thomas Ehrlich, term expired, to which position 
she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Albert Casey,

 of Texas, to be a Governor of the U.S. Postal Service for a term 
expiring December 8, 2009, vice Tirso del Junco, term expired, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Clark Kent Ervin,

 of Texas, to be Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security (new 
position), to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Gay Hart Gaines,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2004, vice 
Ritajean Hartung Butterworth, resigned, to which position she was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Dorothy A. Johnson,

 of Michigan, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring 
October 6, 2007 (reappointment), to which position she was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Robert Lerner,

 of Maryland, to be Commissioner of Education Statistics for a term 
expiring June 21, 2009, vice Pascal D. Forgione, Jr., term expired, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Henry Lozano,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring 
October 6, 2008, vice Christopher C. Gallagher, term expired, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Ronald E. Meisburg,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring August 27, 2008, vice Rene Acosta, 
resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Claudia Puig,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2008, vice 
Winter D. Horton, Jr., term expired, to which position she was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Fayza Veronique Boulad Rodman,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board 
of Governors for a term expiring August 13, 2006, vice Robert M. 
Ledbetter, Jr., term expired, to which position she was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Raymond Simon,

 of Arkansas, to be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary 
Education, Department of Education, vice Susan B. Neuman, resigned, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.
 Withdrawn January 21

 Mark C. Brickell,

 of New York, to be Director of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise 
Oversight, Department of Housing and Urban Development, for a term of 5 
years, vice Armando Falcon, Jr., resigned, which was sent to the Senate 
on June 12, 2003.
 Submitted January 22

 David Safavian,

 of Michigan, to be Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, vice 
Angela Styles.
 Submitted January 23

 Scott H. DeLisi,

 of Minnesota, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the State of Eritrea.

[[Page 136]]

 Aubrey Hooks,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Cote d'Ivoire.

 Joseph D. Stafford III,

 of Florida, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of The Gambia.

 John J. Young, Jr.,

 of Virginia, to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition 
and Technology, vice Michael W. Wynne.