Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 40 (Monday, October 4, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 40 (Monday, October 4, 2004)]
[Pages 2205-2206]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 25

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President participated in a debate preparation 
session.

September 26

    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Emergency Preparedness and 
Response Mike Brown to discuss recovery efforts in Florida in response 
to Hurricane Jeanne. He also had a telephone conversation with Gov. Jeb 
Bush of Florida to discuss recovery efforts.
    Also during the day, the President participated in a debate 
preparation session.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Jeanne beginning on September 24 and continuing.

September 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Tropical Storm Jeanne.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Springfield, OH. 
Upon his arrival in the afternoon, he began a bus tour.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Xenia, OH, and 
then to West Chester, OH, where he concluded his bus tour. Later, he 
traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, arriving in the evening.

September 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President participated in a debate preparation 
session.

September 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Lake Wales, FL, 
arriving in the afternoon. In Lake Wales, he and Gov. Jeb Bush of 
Florida toured an orange grove damaged by the recent hurricanes.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Miami, FL.

September 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Stuart, FL. Later, he returned to Miami, FL.

[[Page 2206]]

    In the evening, the President traveled to Coral Gables, FL. Later, 
he returned to Miami, FL.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes on August 27-30.

October 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Allentown, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Cheryl Hornung.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Manchester, NH, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Paul Freeman. At 
the McIntyre Ski Area in Manchester, he participated in a Victory 2004 
rally.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald Rosenfeld 
to be a Director on the Board of Directors of the Federal Housing 
Finance Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Butler to 
be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall Scholarship 
and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robin Cook, Charles 
L. Glazer, and Peter S. Watson to be members of the Board of Trustees of 
the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.
    The President announced his intention to appoint David Wayne 
Anderson, Cynthia R. Church, and Soyna E. Medina as members of the Board 
of Trustees of the American Folklife Center.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission on the Abraham Lincoln Study 
Abroad Fellowship Program: John K. Andrews, Jr.; Jim Edgar; Lynette 
Boggs McDonald; and Lyn Bracewell Phillips.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Scott Wallace 
(Chairman), C. Martin Harris, and William W. Stead as members of the 
Commission on Systemic Interoperability.