Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 3 (Monday, January 19, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 3 (Monday, January 19, 2004)]
[Pages 87-88]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 10

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

January 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Monterrey, Mexico, to attend the Special 
Summit of the Americas. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a 
briefing on the summit.
    In the afternoon, at the InterContinental Hotel in Monterrey, the 
President met briefly with Caribbean leaders. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a greeting with U.S. Mission employees.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Parque Fundidora, the President 
participated in summit meetings.
    In the evening, the President met with President Luiz Inacio Lula da 
Silva of Brazil at the Parque Fundidora. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
attended a dinner hosted by President Vicente Fox of Mexico at the 
Palacio de Gobierno.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of 
Oscar Berger Perdomo as President of Guatemala on January 14: Gov. Jeb 
Bush of Florida (head of delegation); John R. Hamilton, U.S. Ambassador 
to Guatemala; Columba Bush; Hamilton E. James; Bob Martinez; and Alberto 
M. Piedra.

January 13

    In the morning, at the InterContinental Hotel, the President had an 
intelligence briefing. Later, at the Parque Fundidora, he participated 
in summit meetings and then met with President Nestor Kirchner of 
Argentina.
    In the afternoon, at the Parque Fundidora, the President 
participated in summit meetings and then met with President Carlos Diego 
Mesa Gisbert of Bolivia. Later, he participated in an official 
photograph followed by a lunch retreat with heads of state.
    During the day, the President had a brief discussion with President 
Mireya Elisa Moscoso of Panama.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William Henry 
Campbell, Jr., as a member of the Committee for Purchase From People Who 
Are Blind or Severely Disabled.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by an earthquake on December 22, 2003, and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in American Samoa and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement Territory and local recovery efforts 
in the area struck by high winds, high surf, and heavy rainfall 
associated with Tropical Cyclone Heta on January 2-6, 2004.

January 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate meetings with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld 
and Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.

[[Page 88]]

    In the afternoon, the President attended a Republican National 
Committee luncheon at the historic Evermay house in northwest 
Washington, DC. Later, at National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
headquarters, he met with current and former astronauts.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with 
President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain and his wife, Ana Botella de Aznar.

January 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to New Orleans, LA, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Tenisha Stevens. Later, at the Union Bethel AME 
Church, he visited with parishioners and participated in a roundtable 
discussion with faith-based and community leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Atlanta, GA, where, upon 
arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Billiee Pendleton-
Parker. Later, at the King Center, he participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony at the gravesite of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., with Dr. 
King's widow, Coretta Scott King, and other King family members.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate Patrick Pizzella 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.

January 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President met with L. Paul Bremer III, 
Presidential Envoy to Iraq. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome President Vicente Fox of Mexico and Mrs. Fox to the Bush Ranch 
in Crawford, TX, on March 5-6.
    The President announced his intention to designate Linda Richey 
Graves as Chairman of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Tony B. Gelbart and 
Harry Reicher as members of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Commission on Drug-Free 
Communities: Kenneth L. Barun, Arthur Dean, Dennis Griffith, and Tracy 
Mueller.
    The President declared an emergency in Connecticut and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record/near record snow on December 5-7, 2003.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on December 5-7, 2003.
    The President declared an emergency in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by record/near record snow on December 6-7, 2003.
    The President declared an emergency in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record/near record snow on December 6-7, 2003.