Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 44 (Monday, November 1, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 44 (Monday, November 1, 2004)]
[Pages 2685-2687]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 23

    In the morning, in St. Pete Beach, FL, the President had an 
intelligence briefing. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to Fort

[[Page 2686]]

Myers, FL. Later, they traveled to Lakeland, FL.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Melbourne, 
FL. Later, they traveled to Jacksonville, FL, where, upon arrival, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Elwood Thalheimer.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.

October 24

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Alamogordo, NM, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Nicole Cox.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the 
Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, arriving in the evening.

October 25

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Greeley, CO. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Council Bluffs, IA, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Donna Campbell. Later, they traveled to 
Davenport, IA.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to La Crosse, 
WI.

October 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Onalaska, WI. Later, they traveled to 
Richland Center, WI.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Cuba City, 
WI. Later, they traveled to Dubuque, IA.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

October 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
participated in an interview with Jim Gray of the ESPN television 
channel, for later broadcast.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Lititz, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Connie Rutt.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Vienna, 
OH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Bill 
Carney. Later, they traveled to Findlay, OH, where, upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Tom Joseph.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Pontiac, MI, arriving in the evening. Upon arrival at the Superdome, 
they met with African American leaders.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Rochester, MI.

October 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had telephone conversations with John W. Henry, principal owner, Larry 
Lucchino, president and chief executive officer, and Curt Schilling, 
pitcher, Boston Red Sox, to congratulate them on winning the Major 
League Baseball World Series.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Saginaw, MI. Later, 
he traveled to Dayton, OH. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
participated in an interview with Judy Keen of the USA Today newspaper. 
Upon arrival in Dayton, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Carol 
McClure.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Westlake, OH, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Amy Poklar.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Yardley, PA, 
where, upon arrival in the evening, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Joe Morrison. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

October 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Manchester, NH.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Portsmouth, NH. Later, they traveled to Toledo, OH, where, upon arrival, 
he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Norm Thal. Later, they 
participated

[[Page 2687]]

in a Victory 2004 rally at the SeaGate Convention Centre.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Columbus, 
OH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Peggy 
Valentino. Later, they participated in a Victory 2004 rally at the 
Nationwide Arena.