Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 39 (Monday, September 27, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 39 (Monday, September 27, 2004)]
[Pages 2139-2141]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 18

    In the morning, in Kennebunkport, ME, the President had an 
intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Georgia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Ivan beginning on September 14 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Hurricane Ivan beginning on September 16 and 
continuing.

September 19

    In the morning, the President traveled to Pensacola, FL, where he 
toured the area damaged by Hurricane Ivan on September 13 and 
continuing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Orange Beach, AL, 
where he took a helicopter tour of the area damaged by Hurricane Ivan on 
September 13 and continuing. He then took a walking tour of the area.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding associated with Tropical Storm 
Frances on September 8-9.

[[Page 2140]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by Tropical Depression Ivan beginning on September 17 and 
continuing.

September 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Derry, NH. Later, he 
traveled to New York City, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Caroline Hepner. He was also joined by Mrs. Bush.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan L. Moore to 
be U.S. Alternate Representative to the 59th Session of the General 
Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles J. Chaput 
and Michael Lewis Cromartie as members of the U.S. Commission on 
International Religious Freedom.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and landslides on September 16 and 
continuing.

September 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the Waldorf-Astoria, the President met with 
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan. Later, he met with President 
Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan. He then met with President Karzai and 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan.
    In the evening, at the Waldorf-Astoria, the President and Mrs. Bush 
met with Sister Nirmala, Superior General of the Missionaries of 
Charity.

September 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Waldorf-Astoria, he met with President Pervez Musharraf of 
Pakistan. He then participated in an interview with Bill O'Reilly of FOX 
News, for later broadcast.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to King 
of Prussia, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Shannon Hickey.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Millvale, PA. Prior to 
arrival in Millvale, he took a helicopter tour of the area damaged by 
Tropical Depression Ivan on September 17 and continuing. Later, he 
traveled to Latrobe, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Bob Scheidemantel.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

September 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld and Gen. John P. 
Abizaid, USA, combatant commander, U.S. Central Command.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Bangor, ME, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Bill Knight. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ryan C. Crocker to 
be Ambassador to Pakistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marcie B. Ries to 
be Ambassador to Albania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Buddie J. Penn to 
be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Installations and Environment).
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Science Board: Dan Arvizu, 
Steven C. Beering, Gerald Wayne Clough, Kelvin Kay Droegemeier, Louis J. 
Lanzerotti, Alan I. Leshner, Jon C. Strauss, and Kathryn D. Sullivan.
    The President announced his intention to designate Edwin Pinero as 
the Federal Environmental Executive at the Environmental Protection 
Agency.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on August 12 through September 12.

[[Page 2141]]

September 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in an Oval Office ceremony, he participated in the swearing-in of Porter 
J. Goss as Director of Central Intelligence.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Janesville, WI. 
Later, he traveled to Racine, WI, where he participated in a Victory 
2004 rally at General John J. Pershing Park.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President declared a major disaster in Georgia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Frances beginning on September 3 and 
continuing.