Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 27 (Monday, July 5, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 27 (Monday, July 5, 2004)]
[Pages 1195-1197]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 26

    In the morning, at Dromoland Castle in Shannon, Ireland, the 
President had an intelligence briefing. Later, he and Mrs. Bush paid a 
courtesy call on President Mary McAleese of Ireland and her husband, 
Martin. The President then met with Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of 
Ireland.
    Later in the morning, at Dromoland Castle, the President 
participated in a European Union Summit meeting.

[[Page 1196]]

    In the afternoon, at Dromoland Castle, the President participated in 
a European Union Summit working lunch. Later, he met with the chairs of 
the Transatlantic Business Dialogue.
    Later in the afternoon, at Shannon International Airport, the 
President and Mrs. Bush greeted U.S. Embassy personnel. They then 
traveled to Ankara, Turkey, arriving in the evening.

June 27

    In the morning, at the Hilton Ankara, the President and Mrs. Bush 
greeted U.S. Embassy personnel. Later, at the Prime Minister's 
Residence, the President met with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of 
Turkey.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Ataturk's 
Mausoleum, where they participated in a wreath-laying ceremony and book 
signing. Later, at the Cankaya Presidential Palace, they participated in 
an official welcome ceremony with President Ahmet Necdet Sezer of Turkey 
and his wife, Semra. The two Presidents then met in President Sezer's 
office.
    In the afternoon, at the Cankaya Presidential Palace, the two 
Presidents and Prime Minister Erdogan participated in a working lunch.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Istanbul, Turkey. Upon arrival at Ataturk International Airport, they 
were greeted by U.S. Consul General David L. Arnett and his wife, Vivi. 
Later, at the Hilton Istanbul, the President met with religious leaders 
and then NATO Secretary General Jakob Gisjbert de Hoop Scheffer.
    In the evening, at the Dolmabahce Palace, the President participated 
in a NATO leaders group photo. He and Mrs. Bush then participated in a 
dinner for NATO leaders and their spouses.

June 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Istanbul Convention and Exhibition Center, he participated in a 
working session of the North Atlantic Council.
    In the afternoon, at the center, the President participated in a 
working lunch of the North Atlantic Council.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Hilton Istanbul, the President met 
with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    In the evening, at the Hilton Istanbul, the President and Mrs. Bush 
greeted U.S. missions staff.
    Later in the evening, at the Topkapi Palace, the President and Mrs. 
Bush participated in a cultural event and a gala dinner for heads of 
state and government.

June 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Istanbul Convention and Exhibition Center, he participated in a 
working session of the NATO-Ukraine Commission.
    Later in the morning, at the center, the President participated in 
photo opportunities with leaders of the Adriatic Charter countries and 
with the Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council. He then participated in a 
working session of the Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Galatasaray 
University. Later, they returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the 
evening.

June 30

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Valdas Adamkus of Lithuania to congratulate him on his 
June 27 election victory. He then had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines to congratulate her 
on her reelection and to discuss counterterrorism efforts.
    In the afternoon, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building, the President and former Presidential Envoy to Iraq L. Paul 
Bremer III dropped by a meeting of Iraqi Americans. Later, in the 
President's private dining room, they had lunch.

[[Page 1197]]

    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister David Oddsson of Iceland to the White House on July 6.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Elias Antonio Saca of El Salvador to the White House on July 12.
    The President announced his selection of Brian H. Hook as Special 
Assistant to the President for Policy.

July 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome King 
Mohamed VI of Morocco to the White House on July 8.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Valerie Lynn 
Baldwin to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management) 
at the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher J. 
LaFleur to be Ambassador to Malaysia.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Theodore 
William Kassinger as Deputy Secretary of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Michael D. 
Gallagher as Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and 
Information.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Floyd Hall 
as a member of the Reform Board (Amtrak).
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Jack Edwin 
McGregor as a member of the Advisory Board of the St. Lawrence Seaway 
Development Corporation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Michigan and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 20-24.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on May 30 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by flooding as a result of a levee break on June 3 and 
continuing.

July 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with the Homeland Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.