Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 30 (Monday, July 26, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 30 (Monday, July 26, 2004)]
[Pages 1375-1377]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted July 19

 Michael D. Gallagher,

 of Washington, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications 
and Information, vice Nancy Victory, resigned, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

[[Page 1376]]

 Floyd Hall,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the Reform Board (Amtrak) for a term 
of 5 years, vice Amy M. Rosen, term expired, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Theodore William Kassinger,

 of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, vice Samuel W. Bodman, 
resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Daniel R. Levinson,

 of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Health and Human 
Services, vice Janet Rehnquist, resigned.

 Jack Edwin McGregor,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the Advisory Board of the St. 
Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, vice Vincent J. Sorrentino, 
resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 B. Lynn Pascoe,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Republic of Indonesia.

 Brig. Gen. Don T. Riley, USA,

to be a member and President of the Mississippi River Commission.
 Withdrawn July 19

 Albert Casey,

 of Texas, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a 
term expiring December 8, 2009, vice Tirso del Junco, term expired, 
which was sent to the Senate on January 21, 2004.
 Submitted July 21

 Lloyd O. Pierson,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for 
International Development, vice Constance Berry Newman.

 Lloyd O. Pierson,

an Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2009, vice John 
F. Hicks, Sr., term expired.
 Submitted July 22

 Christopher A. Boyko,

 of Ohio, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Ohio, 
vice Paul R. Matia, retiring.

 Sharon Brown-Hruska,

 of Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission for the term expiring April 13, 2009 (reappointment).

 Anna Escobedo Cabral,

 of Virginia, to be Treasurer of the United States, vice Rosario Marin.

 Yousif B. Ghafari,

 of Michigan, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of 
America to the 59th Session of the General Assembly of the United 
Nations.

 Alan Greenspan,

 of New York, to be U.S. Alternate Governor of the International 
Monetary Fund for a term of 5 years (reappointment).

 Karen Alderman Harbert,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy 
(International Affairs and Domestic Policy), vice Vickey A. Bailey.

 Jane Dee Hull,

 of Arizona, to be a Representative of the United States of America to 
the 59th Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations.

 Gregory Franklin Jenner,

 of Oregon, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, vice Pamela F. 
Olson, resigned.

 Hector E. Morales,

 of Texas, to be U.S. Executive Director of the Inter-American 
Development Bank for a term of 3 years, vice Jose A. Fourquet, resigned.

[[Page 1377]]

 Richard B. Roper III,

 of Texas, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Texas for 
the term of 4 years, vice Jane J. Boyle, resigned.

 John S. Shaw,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy 
(Environment, Safety, and Health), vice Beverly Cook, resigned.

 James S. Simpson,

 of New York, to be a member of the Advisory Board of the St. Lawrence 
Seaway Development Corporation, vice Jay C. Ehle.

 Lisa Godbey Wood,

 of Georgia, to be U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Georgia 
for the term of 4 years, vice Richard S. Thompson, resigned.