Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 4 (Monday, January 26, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 4 (Monday, January 26, 2004)]
[Pages 133-134]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 17

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

January 18

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

January 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 134]]

January 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Minister of External Affairs Yashwant 
Sinha of India to discuss India-Pakistan and India-U.S. relations.
    Later in the morning, also in the Oval Office, the President met 
with Adnan Pachachi, interim President of the Governing Council of Iraq, 
and other Governing Council members.

January 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Toledo, OH, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Bruce Vanisacker. He then traveled to Perrysburg 
Township, OH.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ, where, 
upon arrival in the afternoon, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Hilary Juel.

January 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Roswell, NM, where he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Amy Coppin.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John J. Young, 
Jr., to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquistion and 
Technology.

January 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with James A. Baker III, 
his personal envoy on the issue of Iraqi debt.
    The President announced his nomination of Scott H. DeLisi to be 
Ambassador to Eritrea.
    The President announced his nomination of Aubrey Hooks to be 
Ambassador to Cote d'Ivoire.
    The President announced his nomination of Joseph D. Stafford III to 
be Ambassador to The Gambia.