Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 37 (Monday, September 13, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 37 (Monday, September 13, 2004)]
[Pages 1919-1921]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 4

    In the morning, in Cleveland, OH, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. He

[[Page 1920]]

then traveled to Broadview Heights, OH. Later, he traveled to Kirtland, 
OH.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Erie, PA. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Frances beginning on September 3 and continuing.

September 5

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Parkersburg, WV. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC.

September 6

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Stanislav Gross of the Czech Republic to congratulate him 
on assuming his new position and to discuss the situations in 
Afghanistan and Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricanes Frances and Ivan.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Poplar Bluff, MO.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Kansas City, MO.

September 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Lee's Summit, MO, where he began a bus tour.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Sedalia, MO, 
arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Columbia, MO.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate Tim S. McClain as 
Acting Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Human Resources and 
Administration).
    The President announced his intention to designate Cortright 
Wetherill, Jr., as a Chairman of the Advisory Committee on the Arts, 
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint W. Roy Grizzard as 
a member of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or 
Severely Disabled.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michele Longo Eder 
and Thomas C. Royer as members of the Arctic Research Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee: Lawrence T. Babbio, Jr.; Gregory 
Q. Brown; Ken Dahlberg; William J. Hannigan; Stan Sigman; and Joseph R. 
Wright.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts: Elisabeth D. DeVos, Mary Mochary, Mary 
M. Ourisman, Gabrielle B. Reynolds, David Rubenstein, Stephen 
Schwarzman, Alex Spanos, and Sandy Treadwell.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Cheryl Bates-Harris 
and Dorothy L. Watson as members of the Ticket to Work and Work 
Incentives Advisory Panel.
    The President announced his intention to designate Berthy De La 
Rosa-Aponte, as Chairperson of the Ticket to Work and Work Incentives 
Advisory Panel.

September 8

    In the morning, the President met with James A. Baker III to discuss 
the upcoming Presidential debates. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Fort Pierce, FL, 
where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with community members 
affected by Hurricane Frances.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Miami, FL, and 
went to the National Hurricane Center. He then toured the Center and 
received a briefing on Hurricanes Frances and Ivan. Later, he returned 
to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Catherine Todd 
Bailey to be Ambassador to Latvia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas V. Skinner 
to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency 
(Enforcement and Compliance Assurance).

[[Page 1921]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas Menarchik 
to be an Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development (Policy and Program Coordination).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Howard J. Krongard 
to be Inspector General of the Department of State.
    The President announced his intention to designate Daniel R. 
Levinson as Acting Inspector General at the Department of Health and 
Human Services.

September 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Principals of the 
Year award recipients.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Colmar, PA, where, 
upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Eunice Sanchez. Later, he traveled to Johnstown, PA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

September 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa to discuss nuclear weapons 
proliferation, the situation in the Sudan, and other issues. He then had 
an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Huntington, WV, 
where he began a bus tour. Later, he traveled to Ironton, OH, arriving 
in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Portsmouth, OH, 
where he participated in an Ask President Bush event at Shawnee State 
University. Later, he traveled to Chillicothe, OH. While en route aboard 
the bus, he met with local union members and employees of the Portsmouth 
Gaseous Diffusion Plant. At the Ross County Fairgrounds in Chillicothe, 
he made remarks at a rally.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Greco, 
Jr., to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management) at 
the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick J. Leahy 
and John E. Sununu to be U.S. Representatives to the General Assembly of 
the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lisa Kirk Colburn 
as a member of the Advisory Committee on the Arts, John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Public Interest Declassification Board: L. 
Britt Snider (Chairman), Martin Faga, Steven Garfinkel, Elizabeth 
Rindskopf Parker, and Richard N. Smith.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Tropical Storm Frances beginning on September 7 and 
continuing.