Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 41 (Monday, October 11, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 41 (Monday, October 11, 2004)]
[Pages 2286-2287]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted October 5

 Michael Butler,

 of Tennessee, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. 
Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy 
Foundation for a term expiring October 6, 2008, vice Eric D. Eberhard, 
term expired.

 Ronald Rosenfeld,

 of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Federal Housing Finance Board for 
the remainder of the term expiring February 27, 2009, vice John Thomas 
Korsmo, resigned.
 Submitted October 7

 Harold Damelin,

 of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Department of the Treasury, vice 
Jeffrey Rush, Jr., resigned.

 Edward L. Flippen,

 of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Corporation for National and 
Community Service, vice J. Russell George.

 Frederick William Hatfield,

 of California, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission for the term expiring April 13, 2008, vice Thomas J. 
Erickson, term expired.

 Brian David Miller,

 of Virginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Administration, 
vice Daniel R. Levinson.

 Jorge A. Plasencia,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Advisory Board for Cuba Broadcasting 
for a term expiring October 27, 2006, vice Joseph Francis Glennon, term 
expired.
 Withdrawn October 7

 James B. Cunningham,

 of Pennsylvania, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Career Minister, to be Representative of the United States of America 
to the Vienna office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, 
and to be Representative of the United States of America to the 
International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador, which 
were sent to the Senate on April 8, 2004.
 Submitted October 8

 Carolyn L. Gallagher,

 of Texas, to be a Governor of the U.S. Postal Service for the remainder 
of the term expiring December 8, 2005, vice Erensta Ballard, resigned.

 Louis J. Giuliano,

 of New York, to be a Governor of the U.S. Postal Service for a term 
expiring December 8, 2009, vice Albert Casey.

[[Page 2287]]