Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 28 (Monday, July 12, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 28 (Monday, July 12, 2004)]
[Pages 1233-1235]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1234]]



July 3

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

July 4

    In the morning, the President traveled to Charleston, WV, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sister Joan Marie 
Coleman. Later, at the West Virginia State Capitol, he participated in 
an interview with the Charleston Daily Mail.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush viewed the Independence 
Day fireworks display on the National Mall from the White House.

July 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
an interview with Hispanic Magazine.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Abdullah bin Ahmad Badawi of Malaysia to the White House on 
July 19.

July 7

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with Gov. 
M. Jodi Rell of Connecticut to congratulate her on taking office. He 
then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Raleigh, NC, where, 
upon arrival at Raleigh Durham International Airport, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Valerie Chaffin.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a Victory 2004 lunch 
at a private residence.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Waterford, MI, 
where, upon arrival at Oakland County International Airport, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Scotty Maconochie.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Bloomfield Hills, MI, 
where he participated in a Victory 2004 dinner at a private residence.
    Later in the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with King Mohamed VI of Morocco.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with King Mohamed VI of Morocco. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he met with 2004 Scripps Howard Spelling Bee champion David 
Tidmarsh.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the funeral of 
President Thomas Klestil of Austria on July 10: Gov. Arnold 
Schwarzenegger of California, who will lead the delegation; and U.S. 
Ambassador to Austria W.L. Lyons Brown and his wife, Alice.

July 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Kutztown, PA, where he began a bus tour.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Pottstown, PA, and then 
to Lancaster, PA, where he made remarks at Lapp Electrical Service, Inc.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to York, PA. While 
aboard the bus en route to York, he participated in an interview with 
representatives of regional media.
    In the evening, at the York Expo Center, the President participated 
in a rally.
    Later in the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Natsagiyn Bagabandi of Mongolia for a visit on July 15.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael J. Hansen 
as a Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the Great Lakes Fishery 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George Perdue to 
be a member of the Board of Trustees of the James Madison Memorial 
Fellowship Foundation.

[[Page 1235]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Diarmuid F. 
O'Scannlain as a member of the Board of Trustees of the James Madison 
Memorial Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Ballinger 
and Terence Alan Teachout to be members of the National Council on the 
Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Help America 
Vote Foundation: Donetta Davidson; Elizabeth G. Flores; J. Hayden Fry; 
and Keith J. Jackson.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee for People with 
Intellectual Disabilities: Madeleine Will (Chairman); Vijayalakshmi 
Appareddy; James Brett; Claudia Coleman; Olivia Colvin; Kathleen 
Hargett; Kenneth Lohff; Edward Mambruno; Lon Solomon; Karen Staley; and 
Annette Talis.