Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 24 (Monday, June 14, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 24 (Monday, June 14, 2004)]
[Pages 1045-1046]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 5

    In the morning, at the U.S. Ambassador's Residence in Rome, Italy, 
the President had an intelligence briefing. He then went to the Villa 
Madama.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Paris, 
France.
    In the evening, at the Elysee Palace, the President had a working 
dinner with President Jacques Chirac of France.

June 6

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Colleville-
sur-Mer, France.
    Later in the morning, at the Normandy American Cemetery, the 
President participated in an interview with Tom Brokaw of NBC News. The 
President and Mrs. Bush then greeted President Jacques Chirac of France 
and Mrs. Chirac. Later, the two Presidents participated in a wreath-
laying ceremony to commemorate the 60th anniversary of D-day.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Caen, 
France, where, in the Caen Town Hall, they participated in a lunch with 
multinational leaders. Later, they traveled to Arromanches, France, 
where they attended a multinational ceremony to commemorate D-day.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Sea Island, 
GA.

June 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Sea Island Beach Complex, he participated in a Group of Eight (G-
8) Summit briefing and toured the Summit meeting facilities.
    In the afternoon, on Sea Island Drive, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a tree planting ceremony.
    In the evening, at the Sea Island Beach Complex, the President and 
Mrs. Bush participated in a reception for G-8 Summit organizers and 
community leaders.

June 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at Dunbar House, the President had a working lunch 
with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan. Later, also at Dunbar 
House, he participated in separate meetings with Prime Minister Paul 
Martin of Canada, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of Germany, and President 
Vladimir Putin of Russia.
    In the evening, at McGuirk House, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted 
a dinner for G-8 leaders and their spouses.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles Graves 
Untermeyer to be Ambassador to Qatar.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William T. Monroe 
to be Ambassador to Bahrain.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on May 12-19.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and landslides on May 27 and 
continuing.

June 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at Dunbar House, he had a breakfast meeting with Prime Minister Tony 
Blair of the United Kingdom to discuss the United Nations Security 
Council resolution on Iraq, the situations in Iraq and the Middle East, 
the upcoming NATO Summit, and other issues. He then participated in G-8 
Summit meetings at the Sea Island Beach Complex.
    In the afternoon, at the Sea Island Beach Complex, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity and outreach lunch with greater 
Middle East leaders. Later, he participated in photo opportunities and 
meetings with G-8 leaders and leaders of guest countries.

[[Page 1046]]

    Later in the afternoon, at Dunbar House, the President met with 
President Ghazi Ujayl al-Yawr of the new Iraqi interim government. 
Later, at the Sea Island Beach Complex, he participated in G-8 Summit 
meetings.
    In the evening, at Goizueta House, the President participated in 
photo opportunities with G-8 leaders. Later, at the Sea Island Beach 
Complex, he participated in a working dinner with G-8 leaders.

June 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at Dunbar House, he met separately with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 
of Italy and President Jacques Chirac of France. Later, at the Sea 
Island Beach Complex, he participated in G-8 Summit meetings and photo 
opportunities with G-8 leaders and African leaders.
    In the afternoon, at the Sea Island Beach Complex, the President 
participated in an outreach lunch with African leaders.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Savannah, GA, where he held a press conference at the International 
Media Center. Later, he and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening.
    Later in the evening, in the Rotunda at the U.S. Capitol, the 
President and Mrs. Bush attended the public viewing of President Ronald 
Reagan who lay in state until his funeral on June 11. Later, they 
visited with Nancy Reagan, widow of President Reagan, at Blair House.