Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 52 (Monday, December 27, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 52 (Monday, December 27, 2004)]
[Pages 3011-3012]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Provision of Aviation Insurance Coverage for Commercial 
Air Carrier Service in Domestic and International Operations

December 21, 2004

 Presidential Determination No. 2005-15

Memorandum for the Secretary of Transportation

Subject: Provision of Aviation Insurance Coverage for Commercial Air 
Carrier Service in Domestic and International Operations

    By the authority vested in me by 49 U.S.C. 44302, et seq., I hereby:
    1. determine that continuation of U.S.-flag commercial air service 
is necessary in the interest of air commerce, national security, and the 
foreign policy of the United States.
    2. approve provision by the Secretary of Transportation of insurance 
or reinsurance to U.S.-flag air carriers against loss or damage arising 
out of any risk from the operation of an aircraft in the manner and to 
the extent provided in Chapter 443 of 49 U.S.C.:
(a)          until August 31, 2005;
(b)          after August 31, 2005, but no later than December 31, 2005, 
            when he determines that such insurance or reinsurance cannot 
            be obtained on reasonable terms and conditions from any 
            company authorized to conduct an insurance business in a 
            State of the United States; and
    3. delegate to the Secretary of Transportation the authority, vested 
in me by 49 U.S.C. 44306(c), to extend this determination for additional 
periods beyond August 31, 2005, but no later than December 31, 2005, 
when he finds that the continued operation of aircraft to be insured or 
reinsured is necessary in the interest of air commerce or the national 
security, or to carry out the foreign policy of the United States 
Government.

[[Page 3012]]

    You are directed to bring this determination immediately to the 
attention of all air carriers within the meaning of 49 U.S.C. 40102(2), 
and to arrange for its publication in the Federal Register.
                                                George W. Bush

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., December 23, 
2004]

Note: This memorandum was published in the Federal Register on December 
27.