Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 33 (Monday, August 16, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 33 (Monday, August 16, 2004)]
[Pages 1584-1585]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 7

    In the morning, in Kennebunkport, ME, the President had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the wedding 
of their nephew George Prescott Bush at St. Ann's Episcopal Church.

August 8

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

August 9

    In the morning, in the President's private dining room, the 
President had breakfast with Vice President Dick Cheney. He then had an 
intelligence briefing. Later, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, he met with the President's Management 
Council and received a report on the President's Management Agenda.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Annandale, VA. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with Representative Porter 
J. Goss of Florida and White House Chief of Staff Andrew H. Card, Jr., 
to discuss the President's nomination of Representative Goss to be 
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert Oberndoerfer 
Harris, Donna McLean, and Peter W. Tredick as members of the 
Presidential Emergency Board No. 238.
    The President announced his intention to accord the personal rank of 
Ambassador to Lisa Guillermin Gable during her performance of duties as 
Commissioner General of the U.S. Exhibition at the Universal Exposition 
in Aichi, Japan, March 25-September 25, 2005.

August 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Pensacola, FL.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Niceville, FL. Later, he 
traveled to Panama City, FL.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 11

    In the morning, the President took Senator John McCain of Arizona, 
who traveled with the President from Florida, on a tour of the Bush 
Ranch.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Albuquerque, NM, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Tom Hesch. Later, 
he participated in an interview with representatives of regional media.

[[Page 1585]]

    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Lucia Haas.

August 12

    In the morning, the President had a briefing on Tropical Storm 
Bonnie and Hurricane Charley. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Las Vegas, NV, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Mike 
Peschl. Later, he participated in a tour of the United Brotherhood of 
Carpenters and Joiners of America International Training Facility.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Los Angeles, CA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Lynn Brennan. 
Later, with Mrs. Bush, he traveled to Bel Air, CA.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Santa 
Monica, CA. Later, they returned to Los Angeles.
    During the day, in Los Angeles, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an interview with Larry King of CNN for later broadcast.

August 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Charley. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Portland, OR, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, the President met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Chris Dudley. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
traveled to Beaverton, OR, where they participated in a discussion at 
Southridge High School.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Seattle, WA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jeanne 
Robertson. He then toured the Boeing Delivery Center.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Medina, WA, where he 
attended a Victory 2004 dinner at a private residence. Later, he 
traveled to Redmond, WA.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of 
Leonel Fernandez as President of the Dominican Republic on August 16: 
Ann M. Veneman (delegation leader); Hans H. Hertell; Anna Cablik; Sergio 
Pino; and Raul R. Romero.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas 
struck by Tropical Storm Bonnie and Hurricane Charley beginning on 
August 11 and continuing.