Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 26 (Monday, June 28, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 26 (Monday, June 28, 2004)]
[Pages 1156-1157]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 19

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Wisconsin and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on May 19 and continuing.

June 20

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

June 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and then 
met with the National Security Council. Later, in the Oval Office, he 
participated in an interview with Good Housekeeping magazine.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cincinnati, OH, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Charlene Calhoun. 
Later, he attended a Victory 2004 dinner at a private residence.
    In the evening, prior to departure from Cincinnati aboard Air Force 
One, the President met with family members of Pfc. Keith M. Maupin, USA, 
who had been missing in Iraq since April 9 and was declared captured on 
April 16. He then returned to Washington, DC.

June 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 23

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ayad al-Alawi of the Iraqi interim government to discuss 
progress in Iraq. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Pat 
McDonough.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Villanova, PA, where he 
attended a Victory 2004 reception at a private residence. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his selection of Faryar Shirzad as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for International Economic Affairs and Deputy 
National Security Adviser.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Museum and Library Services 
Board: Beverly Allen, Gail Daly, Donald Leslie, Amy Owen, Sandra 
Pickett, Renee Swartz, and Kim Wang.
    The President announced his intention to designate Edward Brehm as 
Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the African Development 
Foundation.

[[Page 1157]]

June 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with bipartisan Members of Congress to discuss the situation in 
Iraq and other issues.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President and his 
attorney Jim Sharp met with Patrick J. Fitzgerald, U.S. Attorney for the 
Northern District of Illinois, as part of the Justice Department's 
investigation into the disclosure of a Central Intelligence Agency 
employee's identity to the media.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in an interview 
with NTV Turkish television.

June 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Shannon, Ireland, arriving in the evening. 
Upon arrival at Shannon International Airport, they were met by Prime 
Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Dromoland 
Castle, where they met with Deputy Prime Minister Mary Harney of 
Ireland.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to the inauguration of 
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines: Anthony J. 
Principi (head of delegation); Francis J. Ricciardone, Jr., U.S. 
Ambassador to the Philippines; Adm. Thomas B. Fargo, USN; Jim Cain; 
Maryles Casto; George M. Drysdale; Neal McCoy; and Susan Ralston.