Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 43 (Monday, October 25, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 43 (Monday, October 25, 2004)]
[Pages 2507-2508]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Presidential Determination on Use of Cooperative Threat Reduction Funds 
in Albania Under Section 1308 of the National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2004

October 20, 2004

 Presidential Determination No. 2005-04

Memorandum for the Secretary of State

Subject: Presidential Determination on Use of Cooperative Threat 
Reduction Funds in Albania under Section 1308 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004

    Pursuant to the authority vested in me by section 1308 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108-
136) (the ``Act''), I hereby determine that the obligation and 
expenditure of Cooperative Threat Reduction (CTR) funds for the 
destruction of chemical warfare agents stockpiled in Albania, will 
permit the United States to take advantage of an opportunity to achieve 
long-standing nonproliferation goals. I also determine that this project 
to destroy the chemical warfare agents stockpiled in Albania will be 
completed within a short period of time and that the Department of 
Defense is the entity of the Federal Government that is most capable of 
carrying out this project.
    You are authorized and directed to transmit this determination, 
along with the justification and project description required by section 
1308(d)(2) of the Act, to the Congress

[[Page 2508]]

no later than 10 days after the obligation of funds for this project and 
to arrange for the publication of this memorandum in the Federal 
Register.
                                                George W. Bush

Note: This memorandum was released by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on October 21.