Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 37 (Monday, September 13, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 37 (Monday, September 13, 2004)]
[Pages 1921-1923]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted September 7

 Paul A. Crotty,

 of New York, to be U.S. District Judge for the Southern District of New 
York, vice Harold Baer, Jr., retiring.

 Porter J. Goss,

 of Florida, to be Director of Central Intelligence, vice George John 
Tenet, resigned.

 D. Michael Rappoport,

 of Arizona, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. 
Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy 
Foundation for a term expiring October 6, 2008 (reappointment).

[[Page 1922]]

 Submitted September 8

 Catherine Todd Bailey,

 of Kentucky, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Latvia.

 Raymond F. DuBois,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense 
for Logistics and Materiel Readiness, vice Diane K. Morales, resigned.

 Howard J. Krongard,

 of New Jersey, to be Inspector General, Department of State, vice Clark 
Kent Ervin.

 Douglas Menarchik,

 of Texas, to be an Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for 
International Development, vice Patrick M. Cronin, resigned.

 Thomas V. Skinner,

 of Illinois, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency, vice John Peter Suarez, resigned.
 Submitted September 10

 Carin M. Barth,

 of Texas, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of Housing and 
Urban Development, vice Angela Antonelli, resigned, to which position 
she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Jonathan W. Dudas,

 of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual 
Property and Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, vice 
James Edward Rogan, resigned, to which position he was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Albert A. Frink, Jr.,

 of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, vice Linda 
Mysliwy Conlin, resigned, to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Susan Johnson Grant,

 of Virginia, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of Energy, vice 
Bruce Marshall Carnes, resigned, to which position she was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Ricardo H. Hinojosa,

 of Texas, to be Chair of the U.S. Sentencing Commission, vice Diana E. 
Murphy, resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Nadine Hogan,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring June 26, 2008, vice Frank D. 
Yturria, resigned, to which position she was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Stephen L. Johnson,

 of Maryland, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency, vice Linda J. Fisher, resigned, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Paul Jones,

 of Colorado, to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board for a term expiring September 14, 2008, vice Charles L. Kolbe, 
term expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess 
of the Senate.

 James R. Kunder,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for 
International Development, vice Wendy Jean Chamberlin, resigned, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Jon D. Leibowitz,

 of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for a term of 7 years 
from September 26, 2003, vice Mozelle Willmont Thompson, resigned, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Deborah P. Majoras,

 of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the unexpired term 
of 7 years from September 26, 2001, vice Timothy J. Muris, resigned, to 
which position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 John D. Rood,

 of Florida, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of

[[Page 1923]]

America to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Enrique J. Sosa,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Reform Board (Amtrak) for a term of 5 
years, vice Linwood Holton, term expired, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Charles Graves Untermeyer,

 of Texas, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the State of Qatar, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Jack Vaughn,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring September 20, 2006, vice 
Patricia Hill Williams, resigned, to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Gary Lee Visscher,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard 
Investigation Board for a term of 5 years, vice Isadore Rosenthal, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Richard Kenneth Wagner,

 of Florida, to be a member of the National Institute for Literacy 
Advisory Board for a term expiring November 25, 2006, vice Robin Morris, 
term expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess 
of the Senate.

 Scott Kevin Walker,

 of Wisconsin, to be a member of the Advisory Board of the Saint 
Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, vice Anthony S. Earl, resigned, 
to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Roger W. Wallace,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring October 6, 2008, vice Fred P. 
DuVal, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the 
Senate.

 Aldona Wos,

 of North Carolina, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Estonia, to which 
position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Sean F. Cox,

 of Michigan, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Michigan, vice Lawrence P. Zatkoff, retired.