Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 47 (Monday, November 22, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 47 (Monday, November 22, 2004)]
[Pages 2836-2838]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

November 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, in the State Dining Room, the President hosted a 
lunch for newly elected Members of the House of

[[Page 2837]]

Representatives. Later, he met with Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist 
and Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert to discuss 
legislative priorities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonathan Steven 
Adelstein to be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harold Jennings 
Creel, Jr., to be a Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia Cushwa to 
be a member of the U.S. Parole Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael V. Dunn to 
be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tony Hammond to be 
a Commissioner of the Postal Rate Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Albert Henry 
Konetzni, Jr., to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dallas Tonsager to 
be a member of the Farm Credit Administration Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raymond Thomas 
Wagner, Jr., to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jay T. Snyder to 
be a member of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ernest J. Wilson 
III to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for 
Public Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sharon Tucker to 
be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Laurie Stenberg 
Nichols, Edward Alton Parrish, and Charles P. Ruch to be members of the 
Board of Trustees of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in 
Education Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jacob Joseph Lew 
and Mimi Mager to be members of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate D. Jeffrey 
Hirschberg and Kenneth Y. Tomlinson (Chairman) to be members of the 
Broadcasting Board of Governors.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John Salamone as a 
member of the Board of Trustees of the Christopher Columbus Fellowship 
Foundation.

November 16

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Umar Hasan Ahmad al-Bashir of Sudan and Dr. John Garang 
de Mabior, Chairman of the Sudan People's Liberation Movement, to 
discuss the peace process in Sudan. He also had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will visit Ottawa, 
Canada, from November 30 to December 1 to meet with Prime Minister Paul 
Martin of Canada.
    The President declared a major disaster in Delaware and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from the remnants of 
Hurricane Jeanne on September 28 to October 2.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm, tidal surges, and flooding on October 
18-20.

November 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he had a breakfast meeting with congressional 
leaders to discuss legislative priorities. At the meeting, he 
congratulated Senator Harry Reid of Nevada on his selection as new 
Senate minority leader.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a photo 
opportunity with Shauna Fleming, founder, A Million Thanks.

[[Page 2838]]

    In the afternoon, the President met with members of the Commission 
on the Intelligence Capabilities of the United States Regarding Weapons 
of Mass Destruction, who updated him on the Commission's progress.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President and Mrs. 
Bush presented the National Medal of Arts awards and the National 
Humanities Medal awards.
    The President announced the following recipients of the National 
Medal of Arts for 2004: the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, Ray Bradbury, 
Carlisle Floyd, Frederick ``Rick'' Hart, Anthony Hecht, John Ruthven, 
Vincent Scully, and Twyla Tharp.
    The President announced the following recipients of the National 
Humanities Medal for 2004: Marva Collins, Gertrude Himmelfarb, Hilton 
Kramer, Madeleine L'Engle, Harvey Mansfield, John Searle, Shelby Steele, 
and the U.S. Capitol Historical Society.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Harriet Miers as 
Counsel to the President.

November 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Little Rock, AR.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced that the following individuals will serve as 
the leadership of the 2005 Presidential Inaugural Committee: Jeanne L. 
Phillips, Chairman, Greg Jenkins, Executive Director, and Bill and Kathy 
DeWitt, Brad Freeman, and Mercer and Gabrielle Reynolds, Cochairs.
    The President announced that the following individuals will serve as 
members of the 2005 Presidential Inaugural Finance Committee: Nancy and 
Rich Kinder, Dawn and Al Hoffman, Dawn and Roland Arnall, Marcie and 
Bruce Benson, Sue Ellen and Joe Canizaro, Germaine and Jim Culbertson, 
Marilyn and Sam Fox, Martha and Dwight Schar, and Patty and Roger 
Williams.

November 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Santiago, Chile, arriving in the evening.