Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 43 (Monday, October 25, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 43 (Monday, October 25, 2004)]
[Pages 2530-2531]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved October 16

H.R. 982 / Public Law 108-326

To clarify the tax treatment of bonds and other obligations issued by 
the Government of American Samoa

H.R. 2408 / Public Law 108-327

National Wildlife Refuge Volunteer Act of 2004

H.R. 2771 / Public Law 108-328

To amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize the New York City 
Watershed Protection Program

H.R. 4115 / Public Law 108-329

To amend the Act of November 2, 1966 (80 Stat. 1112), to allow binding 
arbitration clauses to be included in all contracts affecting the land 
within the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Reservation

H.R. 4259 / Public Law 108-330

Department of Homeland Security Financial Accountability Act

H.R. 5105 / Public Law 108-331

 To authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to 
carry out construction and related activities in support of the 
collaborative Very Energetic Radiation Imaging Telescope Array System 
(VERITAS) project on Kitt Peak near Tucson, Arizona

S. 2292  / Public Law 108-332

Global Anti-Semitism Review Act of 2004
Approved October 18

H.R. 4011 / Public Law 108-333

North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004

H.R. 4567 / Public Law 108-334

Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2005

H.R. 4850 / Public Law 108-335

District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2005

[[Page 2531]]

S. 551 / Public Law 108-336

Southern Ute and Colorado Intergovernmental Agreement Implementation Act 
of 2004

S. 1421 / Public Law 108-337

Alaska Native Allotment Subdivision Act

S. 1537 / Public Law 108-338

To direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey to the New Hope 
Cemetery Association certain land in the State of Arkansas for use as a 
cemetery

S. 1663 / Public Law 108-339

To replace certain Coastal Barrier Resources System maps

S. 1687 / Public Law 108-340

Manhattan Project National Historical Park Study Act

S. 1814 / Public Law 108-341

To transfer Federal lands between the Secretary of Agriculture and the 
Secretary of the Interior

S. 2052 / Public Law 108-342

El Camino Real de los Tejas National Historic Trail Act

S. 2319 / Public Law 108-343

Tapoco Project Licensing Act of 2004

S. 2363 / Public Law 108-344

To revise and extend the Boys and Girls Clubs of America

S. 2508 / Public Law 108-345

To redesignate the Ridges Basin Reservoir, Colorado, as Lake Nighthorse

S. 2180 / Public Law 108-346

Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests Land Exchange Act of 2004
Approved October 20

H.R. 854 / Public Law 108-347

Belarus Democracy Act of 2004

S. 2895 / Public Law 108-348

To authorize the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri, to be illuminated 
by pink lights in honor of breast cancer awareness month
Approved October 21

H.R. 5122 / Public Law 108-349

To amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to permit members 
of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to serve for 2 
terms

S. 33 / Public Law 108-350

To authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange all or 
part of certain administrative sites and other land in the Ozark-St. 
Francis and Ouachita National Forests and to use funds derived from the 
sale or exchange to acquire, construct, or improve administrative sites

S. 1791 / Public Law 108-351

To amend the Lease Lot Conveyance Act of 2002 to provide that the 
amounts received by the United States under that Act shall be deposited 
in the reclamation fund, and for other purposes

S. 2178 / Public Law 108-352

National Park System Laws Technical Amendments Act of 2004

S. 2415 / Public Law 108-353

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
4141 Postmark Drive, Anchorage, Alaska, as the ``Robert J. Opinsky Post 
Office Building''

S. 2511 / Public Law 108-354

Chimayo Water Supply System and Espanola Filtration Facility Act of 2004

S. 2634 / Public Law 108-355

Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act

S. 2742 / Public Law 108-356

To extend certain authority of the Supreme Court Police, modify the 
venue of prosecutions relating to the Supreme Court building and 
grounds, and authorize the acceptance of gifts to the United States 
Supreme Court