Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 51 (Monday, December 20, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 51 (Monday, December 20, 2004)]
[Pages 2989-2990]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, where 
he had his annual physical examination and visited injured U.S. military 
personnel.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 2990]]

December 12

    In the afternoon, at the National Building Museum, the President and 
Mrs. Bush participated in the taping of the annual ``Christmas in 
Washington'' concert for later television broadcast.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a holiday reception.

December 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael O. Leavitt 
to be Secretary of Health and Human Services.

December 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at Blair House, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a holiday reception for members of the diplomatic corps.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President participated in a 
holiday reception.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Ronald Rosenfeld 
as a Director and designation as Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
the Federal Housing Finance Board.

December 15

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Traian Basescu of Romania to congratulate him on his 
December 12 election victory. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Members of Congress and some of their constituents, who presented the 
President with gifts.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had lunch with 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy.
    In the evening, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President participated in a holiday reception for 
moderators and panelists from the ongoing White House Conference on the 
Economy.
    Later in the evening, on the State Floor, the President participated 
in a holiday reception.

December 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
holiday reception for members of the press.

December 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President received an 
update on the report of the U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy. Later, he 
signed Executive Order 13366--Committee on Ocean Policy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bobby R. Burchfield 
as a member of the Antitrust Modernization Commission.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to West 
Virginia, which was impacted by severe storms, flooding, and landslides 
on September 16-27.