Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 18 (Monday, May 3, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 18 (Monday, May 3, 2004)]
[Pages 715-716]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 24

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

April 25

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

April 26

    In the morning, the President traveled to Minneapolis, MN. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the upcoming D-day 
anniversary celebration in France and the situations in Iraq, the Middle 
East, and the Republic of Georgia. He then had a telephone conversation 
with King Abdullah II of Jordan to discuss King Abdullah's upcoming 
visit to Washington, DC. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. Upon 
arrival in Minneapolis, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Melissa 
DuBose.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Edina, MN, where he 
attended a Victory 2004 luncheon at a private residence.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Diplomatic Reception Room, he participated in a photo opportunity 
with the 2003 and 2004 national ambassadors for the March of Dimes.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James David McGee 
to be Ambassador to Madagascar.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Michael 
Satterfield to be Ambassador to Jordan.

April 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Thaksin Chinnawat of Thailand to express his appreciation 
for Thailand's support in Iraq and to discuss the situations in Iraq and 
Burma.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Baltimore, MD. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

 April 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. Later, he met with Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, in Room 450 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President dropped by a White House briefing for 
regional church pastors.

April 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joyce A. Barr to 
be Ambassador to Namibia.

[[Page 716]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate William R. 
Brownfield to be Ambassador to Venezuela.
    The President announced his intention to nominate June Carter Perry 
to be Ambassador to Lesotho.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles P. Ries to 
be Ambassador to Greece.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Barrie Walkley 
to be Ambassador to Gabon and to Sao Tome and Principe.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward Brehm to be 
a member of the Board of Directors of the African Development 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to designate JoAnn Johnson as 
Chairman of the National Credit Union Administration Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Jack Martin as 
Acting Director of the Selective Service System.
    The President announced his intention to designate Linda Morrison 
Combs as Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Transportation.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Mexico and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on April 2-11.
      

April 30

      
    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of 
Turkey to discuss efforts to settle the conflict in Cyprus.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had lunch with 
Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada. Later, in the Oval Office, he met 
with President Oscar Berger of Guatemala.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Frances Fragos 
Townsend as Assistant to the President and Homeland Security Advisor.