Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 11 (Monday, March 15, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 11 (Monday, March 15, 2004)]
[Page 377]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency With 
Respect to Iran

March 10, 2004

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice, stating that the Iran emergency is to continue in 
effect beyond March 15, 2004, to the Federal Register for publication. 
The most recent notice continuing this emergency was published in the 
Federal Register on March 14, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 12563).
    The crisis between the United States and Iran constituted by the 
actions and policies of the Government of Iran, including its support 
for international terrorism, efforts to undermine Middle East peace, and 
acquisition of weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver 
them, that led to the declaration of a national emergency on March 15, 
1995, has not been resolved. These actions and policies are contrary to 
the interests of the United States in the region and pose a continuing 
unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign 
policy, and economy of the United States. For these reasons, I have 
determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency 
declared with respect to Iran and maintain in force comprehensive 
sanctions against Iran to respond to this threat.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 March 10, 2004.

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
March 11.