Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 17 (Monday, April 26, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 17 (Monday, April 26, 2004)]
[Pages 675-676]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 17

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

April 18

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero of Spain to discuss the 
withdrawal of Spanish military forces from Iraq. He then had a telephone 
conversation with President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa to congratulate 
him on his party's April 14 election victory and to discuss the 
situation in the Middle East.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Ahmed 
Al-Samarrai, president, and Iman Sabeeh, member of the executive office, 
National Olympic Committee of Iraq.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Harrisburg, PA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Patrick 
Leonard. He then traveled to Hershey, PA. Later, he traveled to 
Pittsburgh, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Betty Pakula.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Buffalo, NY. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had 
a telephone conversation with former President Jose Maria Aznar of 
Spain. Upon arrival in Buffalo, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Frank Brusino.

[[Page 676]]

    Later in the morning, the President traveled to New York City.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Residence, he met with Republican congressional leaders to 
discuss legislative priorities.

April 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. Later, he met with Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.

April 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Wells, ME, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteers Franklin and Carol-Ann Heller. He then toured the Wells 
National Estuarine Research Reserve and participated in a marsh 
saltwater testing project.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by flooding beginning on April 1 and continuing.

April 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Naples, FL, where, at the Rookery Bay National Estuarine 
Research Reserve, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Nealedene 
Hoch. He then toured the reserve and participated in an invasive plant 
species removal project.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence in Naples, the President 
attended a Victory 2004 luncheon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Coral Gables, FL.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on April 20 and continuing.