Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 20 (Monday, May 17, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 20 (Monday, May 17, 2004)]
[Pages 898-900]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 8

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

May 9

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

May 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Martin Torrijos of Panama to congratulate him on his May 
2 election victory. He then had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 899]]

    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Arlington, VA, where 
he had a military briefing at the Pentagon. Later, in Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld's office, he viewed photographs and still 
images concerning the treatment of Iraqi prisoners.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with 2004 
Elliot Richardson Prize for Excellence in Public Service recipients 
Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and Secretary of 
Transportation Norman Y. Mineta.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with 
Federal Executive agency heads.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jose Eduardo dos Santos of Angola to the White House on May 12.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Rome, 
Italy, on June 4 to meet with President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi and Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy, that he will also travel to the 
Vatican to meet with Pope John Paul II, and that he will then travel to 
Paris and Normandy, France, on June 5.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to County 
Clare, Ireland, on June 25 to participate in the European Union-U.S. 
Summit, that he will then travel to Ankara, Turkey, on June 27 to meet 
with President Ahmet Necdet Sezer and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip 
Erdogan of Turkey, and that he will travel to Istanbul, Turkey, to 
attend the NATO Summit on June 27-29.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Timothy S. 
Bitsberger to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Financial 
Markets.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Larry C. 
Kindsvater to be Deputy Director of Central Intelligence for Community 
Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James R. Kunder to 
be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development for the Bureau for Asia and the Near East.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph F. Bader to 
be a member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John Bryant and 
Nancy J. Leake as members of the Community Development Advisory Board.

May 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Smith, AR, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Alyse Eady. He then traveled to Van Buren, AR.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Deborah P. Majoras 
to be a member, and upon appointment to designate her as Chairman, of 
the Federal Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brett T. Palmer to 
be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Legislative Affairs.

May 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. He then met with Secretary of 
State Colin L. Powell. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with President 
Jose Eduardo dos Santos of Angola.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Bethesda, MD, and later 
returned to Washington, DC. Later, he participated in an interview with 
Readers Digest.
    The President announced his appointment of Carol J. Thompson as 
Director of the Office of National AIDS Policy.

May 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Parkersburg, WV, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Heather Stout.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tom C. Korologos 
to be Ambassador to Belgium.

[[Page 900]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Cynthia G. Efird 
to be Ambassador to Angola.
    The President announced his intention to designate Nancy C. Pellett 
as Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration Board.

May 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he met with foreign ministers from G-8 countries.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Rev. Mark 
Reyling. He then traveled to Bridgeton, MO.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Milwaukee, WI, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Rebecca Haupt. He 
then traveled to Mequon, WI, where he gave the commencement address at 
Concordia University Wisconsin.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to the White House for a meeting and 
working dinner on May 19.