Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 23 (Monday, June 7, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 23 (Monday, June 7, 2004)]
[Pages 1017-1018]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted June 1

 Robert Cramer Balfe III,

 of Arkansas, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas 
for the term of 4 years, vice Thomas C. Gean, resigned.

 Carin M. Barth,

 of Texas, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of Housing and 
Urban Development, vice Angela Antonelli.

 Herman Belz,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Linda Lee Aaker, term 
expired.

 Peter Cyril Wyche Flory,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, vice Jack Dyer 
Crouch II.

 Craig Haffner,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Michael Pack, term expired.

 John H. Hager,

 of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and 
Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, vice Robert 
Pasternack.

 James Davidson Hunter,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Edward L. Ayers, term 
expired.

 Tamar Jacoby,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Pedro G. Castillo, term 
expired.

 Harvey Klehr,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Theodore William Striggles, 
term expired.

[[Page 1018]]

 Thomas K. Lindsay,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Ira Berlin, term expired.

 Iris Love,

 of Vermont, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Evelyn Edson, term expired.

 Thomas Mallon,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the National Council on the 
Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2010 (reappointment).

 David E. Nahmias,

 of Georgia, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Georgia 
for the term of 4 years, vice William S. Duffey, Jr.

 Ricardo Quinones,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2010, vice Amy Apfel Kass, term expired.

 William Sanchez,

 of Florida, to be Special Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair 
Employment Practices for a term of 4 years, vice Juan Carlos Benitez, 
resigned.

 Veronica Vargas Stidvent,

 of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor, vice Chris Spear, 
resigned.