Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 53 (Monday, January 3, 2005)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 53 (Monday, January 3, 2005)]
[Pages 3022-3024]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved December 21 *

H.R. 480 / Public Law 108-459

To redesignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 747 Broadway in Albany, New York, as the ``United States Postal 
Service Henry Johnson Annex''

H.R. 2119 / Public Law 108-460

To provide for the conveyance of Federal lands, improvements, equipment, 
and resource materials at the Oxford Research Station in Granville 
County, North Carolina, to the State of North Carolina

H.R. 2523 / Public Law 108-461

To designate the United States courthouse located at 125 Bull Street in 
Savannah, Georgia, as the ``Tomochichi United States Courthouse''

H.R. 3124 / Public Law 108-462

To designate the facility of the United States Geological Survey and the 
United States Bureau of Reclamation located at 230 Collins Road, Boise, 
Idaho, as the ``F.H. Newell Building''

H.R. 3147 / Public Law 108-463

To designate the Federal building located at 324 Twenty-Fifth Street in 
Ogden, Utah, as the ``James V. Hansen Federal Building''

H.R. 3204 / Public Law 108-464

Benjamin Franklin Commemorative Coin Act

H.R. 3242 / Public Law 108-465

Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004

H.R. 3734 / Public Law 108-466

To designate the Federal building located at Fifth and Richardson 
Avenues in Roswell, New Mexico, as the ``Joe Skeen Federal Building''

H.R. 3884 / Public Law 108-467

To designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located 
at 615 East Houston Street in San Antonio, Texas, as the ``Hipolito F. 
Garcia Federal Building and United States Courthouse''

H.R. 4232 / Public Law 108-468

To redesignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 4025 Feather Lakes Way in Kingwood, Texas, as the ``Congressman Jack 
Fields Post Office''

H.R. 4324 / Public Law 108-469

Thrift Savings Plan Open Elections Act of 2004

H.R. 4620 / Public Law 108-470

To confirm the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to collect 
approved State commodity assessments on behalf of the State from the 
proceeds of marketing assistance loans

H.R. 4807 / Public Law 108-471

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
140 Sacramento Street in Rio Vista, California, as the ``Adam G. Kinser 
Post Office Building''

H.R. 4847 / Public Law 108-472

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
560 Bay Isles Road in Longboat Key, Florida, as the ``Lieutenant General 
James V. Edmundson Post Office Building''

H.R. 4968 / Public Law 108-473

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
25 McHenry Street in Rosine, Kentucky, as the ``Bill Monroe Post 
Office''

H.R. 5360 / Public Law 108-474

American History and Civics Education Act of 2004

H.R. 5364 / Public Law 108-475

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
5505 Stevens Way in San Diego, California, as the ``Earl B. Gilliam/
Imperial Avenue Post Office Building''

H.R. 5365 / Public Law 108-476

To treat certain arrangements maintained by the YMCA Retirement Fund as 
church plans for the purposes of certain provisions of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, and for other purposes

[[Page 3023]]

H.R. 5370 / Public Law 108-477

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
4985 Moorhead Avenue in Boulder, Colorado, as the ``Donald G. Brotzman 
Post Office Building''

H.R. 4829 / Public Law 108-478

To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
103 East Kleberg in Kingsville, Texas, as the ``Irma Rangel Post Office 
Building''

H.J. Res. 102 / Public Law 108-479

Recognizing the 60th anniversary of the Battle of Peleliu and the end of 
Imperial Japanese control of Palau during World War II and urging the 
Secretary of the Interior to work to protect the historic sites of the 
Peleliu Battlefield National Historic Landmark and to establish 
commemorative programs honoring the Americans who fought there
Approved December 23 *

H.R. 2457 / Public Law 108-480

To authorize funds for an educational center for the Castillo de San 
Marcos National Monument, and for other purposes

H.R. 2619 / Public Law 108-481

Kilauea Point National Wildlife Refuge Expansion Act of 2004

H.R. 3632 / Public Law 108-482

Intellectual Property Protection and Courts Amendments Act of 2004

H.R. 3785 / Public Law 108-483

To authorize the exchange of certain land in Everglades National Park

H.R. 3818 / Public Law 108-484

Microenterprise Results and Accountability Act of 2004

H.R. 4027 / Public Law 108-485

To authorize the Secretary of Commerce to make available to the 
University of Miami property under the administrative jurisdiction of 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on Virginia Key, 
Florida, for use by the University for a Marine Life Science Center

H.R. 4116 / Public Law 108-486

American Bald Eagle Recovery and National Emblem Commemorative Coin Act

H.R. 4548 / Public Law 108-487

To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2005 for intelligence and 
intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the 
Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency 
Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes

H.R. 4569 / Public Law 108-488

To provide for the development of a national plan for the control and 
management of Sudden Oak Death, a tree disease caused by 
the fungus-like pathogen Phytophthora ramorum, and for other purposes

H.R. 4657 / Public Law 108-489

District of Columbia Retirement Protection Improvement Act of 2004

H.R. 5204 / Public Law 108-490

To amend section 340E of the Public Health Service Act (relating to 
children's hospitals) to modify provisions regarding the determination 
of the amount of payments for indirect expenses associated with 
operating approved graduate medical residency training programs

H.R. 5363 / Public Law 108-491

To authorize salary adjustments for Justices and judges of the United 
States for fiscal year 2005

H.R. 5382 / Public Law 108-492

Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act of 2004

H.R. 5394 / Public Law 108-493

To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the taxation of 
arrow components

H.R. 5419 / Public Law 108-494

To amend the National Telecommunications and Information Administration 
Organization Act to facilitate the reallocation of spectrum from 
governmental to commercial

[[Page 3024]]

users; to improve, enhance, and promote the Nation's homeland security, 
public safety, and citizen activated emergency response capabilities 
through the use of enhanced 911 services, to further upgrade Public 
Safety Answering Point capabilities and related functions in receiving 
E-911 calls, and to support in the construction and operation of a 
ubiquitous and reliable citizen activated system; and to provide that 
funds received as universal service contributions under section 254 of 
the Communications Act of 1934 and the universal service support 
programs established pursuant thereto are not subject to certain 
provisions of title 31, United States Code, commonly known as the 
Antideficiency Act, for a period of time

S. 1301 / Public Law 108-495

Video Voyeurism Prevention Act of 2004

S. 2657 / Public Law 108-496

Federal Employee Dental and Vision Benefits Enhancement Act of 2004

S. 2781 / Public Law 108-497

Comprehensive Peace in Sudan Act of 2004

S. 2856 / Public Law 108-498

To limit the transfer of certain Commodity Credit Corporation funds 
between conservation programs for technical assistance for the programs
    * These Public Laws were not received in time for inclusion in the 
appropriate issue.