Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 45 (Monday, November 8, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 45 (Monday, November 8, 2004)]
[Pages 2802-2804]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 30

    In the morning, in Columbus, OH, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to Grand Rapids, MI, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Judy Hunt.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Ashwaubenon, WI. While en route, in Green Bay, WI, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Lila Cody.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Minneapolis, MN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Maya Babu.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Orlando, FL, arriving in the evening.

October 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Miami, FL, where, upon arrival, he

[[Page 2803]]

met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Eric Vaz.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Tampa, FL. 
They then traveled to Gainesville, FL, where, upon arrival, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Dr. Larry Smith.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Cincinnati, OH, where, upon arrival in the evening, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Sue Stuempel.

November 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Wilmington, OH.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Pittsburgh, PA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Joan Roth. 
He then traveled to Burgettstown, PA. Later, he traveled to Milwaukee, 
WI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Cory 
Helland.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Des Moines, IA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Brittany 
Overstreet. Later, he traveled to Sioux City, IA, where, upon arrival, 
he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Terri Ross.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush, who joined him 
in Iowa, traveled to Albuquerque, NM, where, upon arrival in the 
evening, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jade Wright.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Dallas, TX. Later, they traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

November 2

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the Crawford 
Fire Station to vote. Later, they traveled to Columbus, OH.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC, where, upon arrival on the South Lawn, they were greeted 
by White House staff.
    During the day, the President monitored election results.

November 3

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President had separate 
telephone conversations with Representative Richard Burr, David Vitter, 
and Mel R. Martinez to congratulate them on their election victories in 
the North Carolina, Louisiana, and Florida Senate races, respectively.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President had 
intelligence and FBI briefings. He then had separate telephone 
conversations with former Representative John Thune, Representative Jim 
DeMint, Senator Jim Bunning, and former Representative Tom Coburn to 
congratulate them on their election victories in the South Dakota, South 
Carolina, Kentucky, and Oklahoma Senate races, respectively.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President received a 
telephone call from Democratic Presidential candidate John Kerry in 
which Senator Kerry conceded the November 2 election. During the call, 
the President expressed his appreciation for Senator Kerry's efforts in 
the campaign.

November 4

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Zayid bin Sultan Al Nuhayyan of the United Arab Emirates to 
express his condolences on the death of his father, former President 
Shaykh Zayid bin Sultan Al Nuhayyan. He then had a telephone 
conversation with President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan to congratulate 
him on his October 9 election victory.
    Later in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel, President Ayad 
Allawi of the Iraqi Interim Government, President Aleksander Kwasniewski 
of Poland, President Vladimir Putin of Russia, and Prime Minister Silvio 
Berlusconi of Italy, all of whom congratulated the President on his 
reelection victory. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, on the State Floor, the President met with 
campaign staff to thank them for their efforts during the campaign. He 
then traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced the November 3 recess appointments of 
Carolyn L. Gallagher and Louis J. Giuliano as Governors on the Board of 
Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.

[[Page 2804]]

November 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.