Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 15 (Monday, April 12, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 15 (Monday, April 12, 2004)]
[Pages 531-532]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 7766--National Child Abuse Prevention Month, 2004

 April 2, 2004

 By the President of the United States

 of America

 A Proclamation

    America has a fundamental duty to protect the safety and well-being 
of its children. During National Child Abuse Prevention Month, we renew 
our commitment to preventing child abuse and neglect, and we dedicate

[[Page 532]]

ourselves to creating a safe environment in which our children can grow 
and thrive.
    We have made important progress in protecting America's children, 
but too many still suffer from abuse and neglect. Recent reports 
indicate that nearly 900,000 children were found to be victims of abuse 
or neglect in 2002. Of these children, an estimated 1,400 died, 75 
percent of whom were 4 years old or younger.
    These young girls and boys depend on adults to recognize the risk 
factors and warning signs of abuse and to take action to end it. This 
critical responsibility is shared by parents, teachers, coaches, 
religious leaders, government officials, and concerned citizens in every 
community.
    Now, Therefore, I, George W. Bush, President of the United States of 
America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and 
laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim April 2004 as National 
Child Abuse Prevention Month. I encourage all citizens to take an active 
role in creating a caring community and help protect America's children 
from abuse and neglect.
    In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this second day of 
April, in the year of our Lord two thousand four, and of the 
Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and twenty-
eighth.
                                                George W. Bush

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:58 a.m., April 6, 
2004]

Note: This proclamation was published in the Federal Register on April 
7. This item was not received in time for publication in the appropriate 
issue.