Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 23 (Monday, June 7, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 23 (Monday, June 7, 2004)]
[Pages 1016-1017]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

May 30

    In the afternoon, the President welcomed Rolling Thunder leaders at 
the South Portico and then met with them in the Oval Office.

May 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Arlington, VA, where they participated in a 
wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns in Arlington National 
Cemetery.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

June 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa of 
Bahrain to discuss the situation in Iraq. Later, he had separate 
telephone conversations with Prime Minister Ayad al-Alawi and President 
Ghazi Ujayl al-Yawr of Iraq to congratulate them on assuming leadership 
and to discuss Iraqi-U.S. cooperation.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Denver, CO, where, upon 
arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Rick Sullivan.

June 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Colorado Springs, CO, where, upon arrival at Peterson Air 
Force Base, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Gloria Moran.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, in the Residence, the President met with Central 
Intelligence Agency Director George J. Tenet to discuss Director Tenet's 
decision to resign.

June 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister John Howard of Australia.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Rome, 
Italy, arriving early the next morning.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on May 27 and 
continuing.

June 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Quirinale Palace, he met with President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi of 
Italy.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Vatican 
City, where they participated in a greeting with Pope John Paul II. 
Later, the President met with Angelo Cardinal Sodano, Secretary of State 
of the Holy See.
    Later in the afternoon, after returning to Rome, the President and 
Mrs. Bush toured the Fosse Ardeatine mausoleum and participated in a 
wreath-laying ceremony there.
    In the evening, at Villa Taverna, the U.S. Ambassador's residence, 
the President and Mrs. Bush greeted U.S. Embassy personnel and U.S. 
veterans. Later, at Villa Madama, they attended a dinner hosted by Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John C. Danforth 
to be U.S. Representative to the United Nations with the rank of 
Ambassador, U.S. Representative to the United Nations Security Council, 
and U.S. Representative to the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas L. 
McElhaney to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Aldona Wos to be 
Ambassador to Estonia.

[[Page 1017]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Luis Luna to be 
Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for 
Administration and Resource Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth Francis 
Hackett and Christine Todd Whitman to be members of the Board of 
Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Reggie B. Walton as 
Chairman of the National Prison Rape Reduction Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Thomas M. Garrott, 
Betty S. Ireland, and James E. Nevels as members of the Advisory 
Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas Dunne as 
Acting Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency 
for Solid Waste and Emergency Response.
    The President announced his intention to designate Stephen Koplan as 
Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Deanna Tanner 
Okun as Vice Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Mary Ann Melody 
Larson McDonald as Chairman of the Advisory Committee to the Pension 
Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding beginning on May 18 and continuing.