Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 7 (Monday, February 16, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 7 (Monday, February 16, 2004)]
[Pages 232-233]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President participated in an 
interview with Tim Russert of NBC television's ``Meet the Press'' for 
broadcast on February 8. He also had a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister John Howard of Australia to conclude an Australia-U.S. free 
trade agreement.

February 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Springfield, MO, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Travis Morrison.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Residence, he met with Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist and 
Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert to discuss 
legislative priorities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John J. Danilovich 
to be Ambassador to Brazil.

[[Page 233]]

February 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Chairman Gyude Bryant of Liberia. He then participated in an 
interview with the HBO cable television channel for a documentary on the 
aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York City.
    Later in the morning, the President had a meeting with economic 
leaders to discuss efforts to strengthen the national economy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cathy M. 
MacFarlane to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development 
for Public Affairs.

February 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President 
attended a Republican National Committee luncheon.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dawn A. Tisdale to 
be a Commissioner of the Postal Rate Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marc M. Wall to be 
Ambassador to Chad.
    The President announced his intention to designate Arden Bement, 
Jr., as Acting Director of the National Science Foundation.

February 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Harrisburg, PA, where, upon arrival, he greeted volunteer 
Lauren Simkulak.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gregory B. Jaczko 
to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Richard S. 
Williamson as U.S. Representative on the Human Rights Commission of the 
United Nations Economic and Social Council and to nominate him for the 
rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service.
    The President announced his appointment of Charles M. Vest and Henry 
S. Rowen as members of the Commission on the Intelligence Capabilities 
of the United States Regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction.

February 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he and Vice President Dick Cheney met with U.S. 
State Governors who recently returned from a tour of Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President 
Cheney.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Zine El Abidine Ben Ali of Tunisia to the White House on February 18.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by a severe ice storm on January 26-30.