Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 35 (Monday, August 30, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 35 (Monday, August 30, 2004)]
[Pages 1710-1711]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 21

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

August 23

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the situations in Iraq, 
Afghanistan, Iran, and Georgia, counterterrorism efforts, and other 
issues. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Vice President Dick 
Cheney, Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld, Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff Gen. Richard B. Myers, USAF, National Security Adviser 
Condoleezza Rice, and other members of his defense team to discuss 
defense priorities.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with members of his 
defense team.

August 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

August 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a briefing on the crash of two passenger jets in Russia on August 
24. Later, he had a briefing on recovery efforts in Florida in response 
to Hurricane Charley.
    Later in the morning, the President had a briefing on the report of 
the Independent Panel To Review Department of Defense Detention 
Operations, which was issued August 24.

[[Page 1711]]

August 26

    In the morning, the President traveled to Las Cruces, NM. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. He then 
participated in an interview with USA Today. He also had a telephone 
conversation with Senator John McCain of Arizona to discuss campaign 
finance reform issues, including advertisements by organizations 
described in Section 527 of the Tax Code. Upon arrival in Las Cruces, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Frank Ontiveros.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Farmington, NM, 
where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Rod Conover. He then traveled to Albuquerque, NM, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Bernice Young.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 27

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Mikulas Dzurinda of Slovakia to express his best wishes 
on the eve of the 60th anniversary of the Slovak national uprising 
against the Nazis and to discuss efforts to support freedom in Iraq and 
Afghanistan.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, he participated in an interview with U.S. News and World Report.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Miami, FL. 
Later, at the City of Miami Fire Station Number Two, with Gov. Jeb Bush 
and Representative C.W. Bill Young of Florida, they participated in a 
briefing by Under Secretary for Emergency Preparedness and Response Mike 
Brown on recovery efforts in Florida in response to Tropical Storm 
Bonnie and Hurricane Charley.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Miami Arena, the President and Mrs. 
Bush made remarks at a rally.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nevada and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a wildland fire on July 14-27.
    The President declared a major disaster in the Northern Mariana 
Islands and ordered Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local 
recovery efforts in the area struck by flooding, high surf, storm surge, 
and high winds as a result of Super Typhoon Chaba beginning on August 21 
and continuing.