Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 31 (Monday, August 2, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 31 (Monday, August 2, 2004)]
[Pages 1392-1394]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 24

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

July 25

    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
cyclist Lance Armstrong to congratulate him on winning a record sixth 
straight Tour de France earlier in the day.

July 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and then 
participated in a videoconference with the National Security Council. 
Later, he participated in a videoconference with the following 
individuals to discuss implementation of recommendations of the National 
Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (9/11 
Commission): White House Chief of Staff Andrew H. Card, Jr.; Vice 
President Dick Cheney; Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld; 
Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge; Attorney General John 
Ashcroft; Office of Management and Budget Director Joshua B. Bolten; 
Deputy Secretary of State Richard L. Armitage; Federal Bureau of 
Investigation Director Robert S. Mueller III; White House Deputy Chief 
of Staff (Policy) Harriet Miers; National Security Adviser Condoleezza 
Rice; Homeland Security Adviser Frances F. Townsend; Deputy National 
Security Adviser Steven Hadley; Counsel to the President Alberto R. 
Gonzales; and Central Intelligence Agency Acting Director John E. 
McLaughlin.
    The President announced his intention to name Kenneth Rapuano as 
Deputy Assistant to the President for Homeland Security.

July 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raymond F. DuBois 
to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Logistics and Materiel 
Readiness.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Warsaw, Poland, to attend 
events in commemoration of the 60th anniversary of the Warsaw Uprising: 
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell (delegation leader); Victor Ashe; 
Edward Derwinski; Richard M. Daley; Adam Cardinal Maida; Ronald S. 
Lauder; and Chester Partyka.

July 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a videoconference with White House Chief of Staff Andrew H. Card, 
Jr., Vice President Dick Cheney, and other members of the President's 
task force on implementation of recommendations of the 9/11 Commission.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to discuss the Prince's meeting 
with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell earlier in the day, the 
situation in Iraq, and counterterrorism efforts in Saudi Arabia.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Marek Belka of Poland to the White House on August 9.

July 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a videoconference with members of his task force on implementation of 
recommendations of the 9/11 Commission. Later, he participated in a 
television interview with Phillip ``Dr. Phil'' C. McGraw for later 
broadcast. He then participated in an interview with Field & Stream 
magazine.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Guam and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement territory and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by high winds, flooding, and mudslides as a result of Tropical 
Storm Tingting on June 26-29.

[[Page 1393]]

    The President declared a major disaster in the Northern Mariana 
Islands and ordered Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local 
recovery efforts in the area struck by flooding, high surf, high winds, 
and wind-driven rain associated with Typhoon Tingting on June 27-29.

July 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Springfield, MO, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Charlie Graas.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Grand Rapids, MI, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Cal Steele. Later, 
he made remarks at Grand Rapids Community College.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Cleveland, OH, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Julia 
Singer.
    In the evening, at Cleveland Browns Stadium, the President made 
remarks at the International Children's Games and Cultural Festival. He 
then traveled to Kirtland Hills, OH, where, at a private residence, he 
made remarks at a Victory 2004 dinner. Later, he returned to Cleveland, 
OH.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Albert A. 
Frink, Jr., as an Assistant Secretary for Commerce (Manufacturing and 
Services).
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Paul Jones 
as a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Jonathan W. 
Dudas as Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and 
Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Enrique J. 
Sosa as a member of the Reform Board (Amtrak).
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Richard 
Kenneth Wagner as a member of the National Institute for Literacy 
Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Stephen L. 
Johnson as Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Carin M. 
Barth as Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development.

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Gary Lee 
Visscher as a member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation 
Board.

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Ricardo H. 
Hinojosa as Chairman of the U.S. Sentencing Commission.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Susan 
Johnson Grant as Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint James R. 
Kunder as an Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for 
International Development (Bureau for Asia and the Near East).

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint John D. Rood 
as Ambassador to the Bahamas.

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Charles 
Graves Untermeyer as Ambassador to Qatar.

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Aldona Wos 
as Ambassador to Estonia.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Scott Kevin 
Walker as a member of the Advisory Board of the St. Lawrence Seaway 
Development Corporation.

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Roger W. 
Wallace as a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American 
Foundation and, upon appointment, to designate him as Chairman.

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Nadine Hogan 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation 
and, upon appointment, to designate her as Vice Chairman.

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Jack Vaughn 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation.

[[Page 1394]]

    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Deborah P. 
Majoras as a Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission and, upon 
appointment, to designate her as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Jon D. 
Leibowitz as a Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission.