Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 21 (Monday, May 24, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 21 (Monday, May 24, 2004)]
[Pages 937-939]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

May 17

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to discuss the possibility of 
redeploying a U.S. military brigade from South Korea to Iraq, the 
situation in North Korea, and other issues. He then had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to discuss 
the possibility of redeploying a U.S. military brigade to Iraq, Prime 
Minister Junichiro's upcoming visit to Pyongyang, North Korea, and the 
situation in North Korea.
     Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, he traveled to Topeka, KS, arriving in the afternoon. Upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Leo Barbee, Jr.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Atlanta, GA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Brandon 
Gray.
    In the evening, the President made remarks at a Victory 2004 
reception and then attended a Victory 2004 dinner at a private 
residence. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher 
William Dell to be Ambassador to Zimbabwe.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jack Rosen as a 
member of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles C. Nguyen 
and Van Toi Vo as members of the Board of Directors of the Vietnam 
Education Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nicole Stelle 
Garnett, John A. Kaneb, and Reggie B. Walton as members of the National 
Prison Rape Reduction Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Roger W. Wallace 
as Chairman and to nominate Nadine Hogan and Jack Vaughn as members of 
the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to designate F. Duane Ackerman 
as Chairman

[[Page 938]]

and Patricia F. Russo as Vice Chairman of the President's National 
Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.

May 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with former President Jose Maria Aznar of 
Spain.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Federal 
Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan. He then met with members of the U.S. 
delegation to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's 
Anti-Semitism Conference.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with 2004 MATHCOUNTS 
National Competition award recipients. Later, in the Residence, he met 
with Republican Members of the House of Representatives to discuss 
legislative priorities.
    The White House announced that the President has invited the leaders 
of Algeria, Ghana, Nigeria, Senegal, South Africa, and Uganda to meet 
with G-8 leaders on June 10 on Sea Island, GA.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alan Greenspan to 
be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

May 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with new Iraqi Governing Council 
President Ghazi Ujayl al-Yawr to express his condolences concerning the 
death of former Council President Izz al-Din al-Salim and to discuss 
reconstruction efforts in Iraq.

May 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the U.S. Capitol, he made remarks to a joint meeting of the House and 
Senate Republican Conferences.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a roundtable with 
broadcast economic reporters. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff Gen. Richard B. Myers, USAF, and Gen. John P. Abizaid, USA, 
combatant commander, U.S. Central Command. He then met separately with 
Secretary Rumsfeld.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Francisco Flores Perez of El Salvador at the White House on 
May 27.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark for a meeting and lunch at the 
White House on May 28.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on Disability: Milton 
Aponte, Robert Davila, Young Woo Kang, Kathleen Martinez, and Linda 
Wetters.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark D. Gearan and 
Leona White Hat to be members of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Witold Rybczynski 
as a member of the Commission of Fine Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Veterans' Disability Benefits Commission: 
James T. Scott (Chairman), Jennifer Sandra Carroll, John H. Grady, 
Thomas E. Harvey, and James E. Livingston.

May 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Baton Rouge, LA.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA, and 
then to Metairie, LA, where he attended a Victory 2004 reception at a 
private residence. Later, he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President El Hadj Omar Bongo of Gabon at the White House on May 26.

[[Page 939]]