Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 10 (Monday, March 8, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 10 (Monday, March 8, 2004)]
[Page 318]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency With 
Respect to Zimbabwe

March 2, 2004

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice to the Federal Register for publication. It states that 
the national emergency blocking the property of persons undermining 
democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe is to continue in 
effect beyond March 6, 2004.
    The crisis caused by the actions and policies of certain members of 
the Government of Zimbabwe and other persons to undermine Zimbabwe's 
democratic processes or institutions has not been resolved. These 
actions and policies pose a continuing, unusual, and extraordinary 
threat to the foreign policy of the United States. For these reasons, I 
have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency 
declared on March 6, 2003, blocking the property of persons undermining 
democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe and to maintain in 
force the sanctions to respond to this threat.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 March 2, 2004.

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
March 3. An original was not available for verification of the content 
of this message.