Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 38 (Monday, September 20, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 38 (Monday, September 20, 2004)]
[Pages 2032-2034]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush went to St. John's Episcopal Church where they attended 
a prayer and remembrance service to commemorate the anniversary of the 
September 11 terrorist attacks. They then returned to the White House 
where, on the South Lawn, they observed a moment of silence.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.

[[Page 2033]]

September 12

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

September 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Ivan. Later, he traveled to Muskegon, MI, where he 
began a bus tour.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Holland, MI, and then to 
Battle Creek, MI, where he concluded his bus tour.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Aurora, CO.

September 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Ivan. Later, he traveled to Greenwood Village, CO.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Las Vegas, NV, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Theresa 
Bunker.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. 
Harrison to be Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Pamela Hughes 
Patenaude to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for 
Community Planning and Development.

September 15

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida, Gov. Kathleen Babineaux Blanco of 
Louisiana, Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi, and Gov. Bob Riley of 
Alabama to discuss efforts in preparation for Hurricane Ivan. He then 
had an intelligence briefing and met with the National Security Council. 
Later, he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    In the afternoon, at Decatur House, the President made remarks at 
the 2004 Joint Candidate Committee appreciation luncheon.
    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
received diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Neven Jurica of 
Croatia, Vinci N. Clodumar of Nauru, Fritz Kwabena Poku of Ghana, 
Ranendra Sen of India, Carlos Westendorp y Cabeza of Spain, Kedar Bhakta 
Shrestha of Nepal, and Samuel Zbogar of Slovenia. Later, also in the 
Oval Office, he met with Arden Bement, Jr., whom he intends to nominate 
to be Director of the National Science Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Francis J. Harvey 
to be Secretary of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arden Bement, Jr., 
to be Director of the National Science Foundation.

September 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on Hurricane Ivan. Later, he traveled to St. Cloud, MN, where 
he began a bus tour.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Blaine, MN, and then to 
Rochester, MN, concluding his bus tour.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Tropical Storm Gaston on August 28-30.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Ivan beginning on September 13 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Ivan beginning on September 13 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Ivan beginning on September 13 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Ivan beginning on September 13 and continuing.

[[Page 2034]]

September 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
participated in a telephone interview with the Union Leader, Manchester, 
NH.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Charlotte, NC, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Crystal Regan.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in a discussion 
on women's issues at the Charlotte Merchandise Mart. Later, he attended 
a Victory 2004 reception at a private residence.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Kennebunkport, ME.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jesus H. Delgado-
Jenkins to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Management) and, 
upon appointment, to designate him as Chief Financial Officer.