Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 25 (Monday, June 21, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 25 (Monday, June 21, 2004)]
[Pages 1112-1113]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.

June 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Houston, TX. 
Later, they returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, flooding, and mudslides 
beginning on May 26 and continuing.

June 13

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a White 
House tee-ball game on the South Lawn.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on May 18-31.

June 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and then 
met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Kansas City, MO, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Ruth Blake. Later, 
he traveled to Liberty, MO.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol D'Amico to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the National Board of Education 
Sciences.

June 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with King Abdullah II of Jordan.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan. Later, in the 
Residence, he and President Karzai dropped by a meeting of the U.S.-
Afghan Women's Council.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. Later, also in the Oval Office, 
he met with Kenneth R. Feinberg, Special Master, September 11th Victim 
Compensation Fund.
    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on May 
24 and continuing.

June 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Tampa, FL. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
participated in a roundtable interview with journalists from 
publications of veterans service organizations. Upon arrival in Tampa, 
he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer M. Sgt. Gina Carnesecchi, USAF.
    In the afternoon, at MacDill Air Force Base, the President 
participated in a briefing with military personnel from the U.S. Central 
Command and Special Operations Command. He then met with family members 
of soldiers killed in Afghanistan and Iraq.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 1113]]

June 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Spokane, WA, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jack Fisher.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Seattle, WA, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Nadine Gulit. He then 
traveled to Fort Lewis, WA.

June 18

    In the morning, at Fort Lewis, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. He then participated in the taping of a message for the Farm 
Bureau.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a roundtable 
interview with journalists from regional newspapers. Later, he met with 
military personnel wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq and then with family 
members of soldiers killed in Afghanistan and Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Seattle, WA. He then 
traveled to Reno, NV, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Ron Kelstrup.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Peter Medgyessy of Hungary to the White House on June 22.
    The White House announced that the President will award the 
Presidential Medal of Freedom to the following individuals in a ceremony 
at the White House on June 23: Robert L. Bartley, Edward W. Brooke, 
Doris Day, Vartan Gregorian, Gilbert M. Grosvenor, Gordon B. Hinckley, 
Pope John Paul II, Estee Lauder, Arnold Palmer, Arnall Patz, Norman 
Podhoretz, and Walter B. Wriston.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ricardo Lagos of Chile to the White House for a meeting and lunch on 
July 19.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Allen 
Pittman to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Human 
Resources and Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Ripin Miller 
for the rank of Ambassador at Large during his tenure as Director of the 
Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, Department of 
State.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the National Cancer Advisory Board: John 
Edward Niederhuber (Chairman), Kathryn Giusti, Diana M. Lopez, Carolyn 
D. Runowicz, and Daniel Von Hoff.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as Governors on the Board of Governors of the American 
National Red Cross: Bonnie McElveen-Hunter (Principal Officer), 
Secretary of Commerce Donald L. Evans, Secretary of Education Roderick 
R. Paige, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs Anthony J. Principi, and Secretary of Health and Human Services 
Tommy G. Thompson.
    The President announced his intention to designate Jerry D. Jennings 
as U.S. Co-Chairman of the U.S.-Russian Joint Commission on POW/MIAs.