Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 46 (Monday, November 15, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 46 (Monday, November 15, 2004)]
[Pages 2823-2824]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 6

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to the White House for 
discussions on November 11-12.

November 7

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

November 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. He also had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to discuss 
the situation in North Korea.

November 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization Secretary General Jakob

[[Page 2824]]

``Jaap'' Gijshert de Hoop Scheffer at the White House on November 10.
    The White House announced that the President will attend the 12th 
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders' Meeting in Santiago, 
Chile, on November 20-21 and later will participate in an official visit 
with President Ricardo Lagos of Chile.

November 10

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines, Prime 
Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore, Prime Minister Pedro Santana 
Lopes of Portugal, and King Abdullah II of Jordan, all of whom 
congratulated the President on his reelection victory. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President met with the National Security 
Council. He then met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    During the day, the President met with Senator John McCain of 
Arizona to discuss legislative priorities.

November 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the State Floor, he hosted a reception for veterans, leaders of 
veterans organizations, and Medal of Honor recipients.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Arlington, VA, where they participated in a wreath-laying ceremony at 
the Tomb of the Unknowns in Arlington National Cemetery.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Jorge Batlle of Uruguay, Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany 
of Hungary, European Union Commission President Jose Manuel Durao 
Barroso, Prime Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik of Norway, and President 
Ahmet Necdet Sezer of Turkey, all of whom congratulated the President on 
his reelection victory.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with Prime Minister Tony 
Blair of the United Kingdom.

November 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, in the Oval Office, he met 
with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with Prime Minister Blair. Later, on the State Floor, the 
President met with members of the Republican National Committee and the 
Victory Committee to thank them for their help during the campaign.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Vaclav Klaus of the Czech Republic, President Valdas 
Adamkus of Lithuania, and President Paul Kagame of Rwanda, all of whom 
congratulated the President on his reelection victory.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Cartagena, Colombia, to meet with President Alvaro Uribe of Colombia on 
November 22.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will host 
King Juan Carlos I and Queen Sofia of Spain for a private luncheon in 
Crawford, TX, on November 24.