Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 34 (Monday, August 23, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 34 (Monday, August 23, 2004)]
[Pages 1666-1668]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 14

    In the morning, in Redmond, WA, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Sioux 
City, IA, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with

[[Page 1667]]

USA Freedom Corps volunteer Marj Kamrath.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

August 15

    In the morning, the President traveled to Fort Myers, FL, and then 
took a helicopter tour of the area damaged by Hurricane Charley on 
August 13.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Punta Gorda, FL, 
where he met with public safety personnel at the Charlotte County 
Emergency Operations Center and toured the area damaged by Hurricane 
Charley.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Cincinnati, OH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Alexandra Amend. Later, he toured the National 
Underground Railroad Freedom Center.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Traverse City, MI, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sheila 
Blonshine.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board: B. 
John Garrick, William Howard Arnold, Daryl Busch, George Milton 
Hornberger, Andrew C. Kadak, Ali Mosleh, and Henry Petroski.
    The President announced his intention to designate W. Ronald Evans 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the National Capital 
Revitalization Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate D. Michael 
Rappoport to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall 
Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Florida, impacted by Tropical Storm Bonnie and Hurricane Charley 
beginning August 11 and continuing, by authorizing an increase in the 
level of Federal funding for debris removal and emergency protective 
measures.

August 17

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. He 
then had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the 
United Kingdom and Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss 
the situation in Iraq. Later, he met with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Ridley Park, PA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Tom Shaffer. 
Later, he toured the Boeing Co.'s Ridley Park plant.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Hedgesville, WV, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Marge Ruth.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Chippewa Falls, WI. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
participated in an interview with Newsweek.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to River Falls, WI, and 
then to Hudson, WI. Later, he traveled to St. Paul, MN.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

August 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Secretary of Defense Donald H. 
Rumsfeld to discuss the situation in Iraq and other issues. Later, he 
had a telephone conversation with Under Secretary of Homeland Security 
for Emergency Preparedness and Response Mike Brown to discuss recovery 
efforts in Florida in response to Hurricane Charley.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of 
Martin Torrijos as President of

[[Page 1668]]

Panama on September 1: Colin L. Powell (delegation leader); Linda Watt; 
Cesar B. Cabrera; Rod Carew; and Francis Rooney.