Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 19 (Monday, May 10, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 19 (Monday, May 10, 2004)]
[Pages 814-815]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

May 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with Secretary of Defense Donald H. 
Rumsfeld to discuss the prison system in Iraq. Later, he met with 
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to South 
Bend, IN, arriving in the afternoon, where they began a bus tour. While 
en route to Niles, MI, aboard the bus, the President participated in an 
interview with representatives of regional media including the Detroit 
Free Press, the Detroit News, and Booth Newspapers.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Kalamazoo, MI. In the evening, they traveled to Sterling Heights, MI.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister John Howard of Australia to the White House on June 3.

May 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Maumee, OH, where he continued his bus tour. Later in the 
morning, he traveled to Dayton, OH.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Lebanon, OH.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Cincinnati, OH. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

May 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. He then met with Secretary of 
Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with Prime 
Minister Goh Chok Tong of Singapore.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and ground saturation beginning on 
March 26 and continuing.

May 6

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to discuss their April 12 meeting at 
the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, and the situation in the Middle East. He 
then had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 815]]

    In the afternoon, in the Map Room, the President participated in an 
interview with Al-Ahram International newspaper.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ralph Leo Boyce to 
be Ambassador to Thailand.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Marshall 
Evans to be Ambassador to Armenia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John D. Rood to be 
Ambassador to the Bahamas.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Craig T. Ramey to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the National Board for 
Education Sciences.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gary D. Forsee and 
William H. Swanson as members of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee.

May 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Dubuque, IA, where they began a bus tour. 
Continuing the bus tour, they traveled to Lancaster, WI, arriving in the 
afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Prairie du Chien, WI, where they participated in a question-and-answer 
session at Cabela's Distribution Center. Later, they traveled to 
LaCrosse, WI, where they made remarks at a campaign rally.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and landslides on April 19 and 
continuing.