Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 48 (Monday, November 29, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 48 (Monday, November 29, 2004)]
[Pages 2867-2868]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 20

    In the morning, in Santiago, Chile, the President had an 
intelligence briefing. Later, at the Hyatt Regency Santiago, he had 
separate meetings with President Hu Jintao of China, Prime Minister 
Junichiro Koizumi of Japan, President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea, 
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia, and Prime Minister Paul 
Martin of Canada.
    In the afternoon, also at the Hyatt Regency Santiago, the President 
had a working lunch with President Vladimir Putin of Russia. Later, at 
the Espacio Riesco Convention Center, he attended the Asia-Pacific 
Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders' Meeting.
    In the evening, at the Estacion Mapocho Cultural Center, the 
President and Mrs. Bush attended the APEC leaders' official dinner and a 
cultural presentation.

November 21

    In the morning, at the Hyatt Regency Santiago, the President met 
with President Vicente Fox of Mexico. Then, at La Moneda Presidential 
Palace, he had separate brief meetings with Prime Minister Lee Hsien 
Loong of Singapore and President Alejandro Toledo of Peru. Later, also 
at La Moneda, he participated in a photo opportunity with APEC leaders 
and then attended the APEC Leaders' Meeting.
    In the afternoon, at the Hyatt Regency Santiago, the President 
greeted U.S. Embassy staff and their families.
    In the evening, at La Moneda Presidential Palace, the President met 
with President Ricardo Lagos of Chile. Later, he and Mrs. Bush had 
dinner with President Lagos and his wife, Luisa Duran de Lagos.

November 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Cartagena, Colombia.
    In the afternoon, at Casa de Huespedes, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an arrival ceremony with President Alvaro Uribe of 
Colombia and his wife, Lina Maria Moreno de Uribe.
    Later in the afternoon, also at Casa de Huespedes, the President had 
a meeting and a working lunch with President Uribe. Later, he 
participated in a photo opportunity with Major League Baseball players 
Edgar Renteria and Orlando Cabrera and youth from Colombian baseball 
camps.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, arriving in the evening.

November 23

    In the morning, the President had intelligence, national security, 
and FBI briefings. Later, he met with the National Security Council by 
video teleconference.

November 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President and Mrs. Bush welcomed King Juan 
Carlos I and Queen Sofia of Spain to the Bush Ranch for a private 
luncheon.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome King Hamad 
bin Isa Al Khalifa of Bahrain to Washington, DC, for a working visit on 
November 29.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria, current Chairman of the African Union, to 
the White House on December 2.

[[Page 2868]]

November 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had several telephone conversations 
with members of the U.S. Armed Forces.

November 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.