Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 10 (Monday, March 8, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 10 (Monday, March 8, 2004)]
[Pages 345-346]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 28

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

February 29

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

March 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Miss America 2003, Erika 
Harold. Later, he met with Members of Congress.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to discuss the situation in Haiti, 
President Aznar's recent visit to Colombia, and the situation in 
Venezuela.
    In the evening, at the home of Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, 
the President made remarks at a National Republican Senatorial Committee 
reception.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Deborah Hersman to 
be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board.

March 2

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jacques Chirac of France to discuss the situation in Haiti. 
Later, he had a telephone conversation with President Luiz Inacio Lula 
da Silva of Brazil to discuss the situation in Haiti and regional 
issues. He then had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 346]]

    Later in the morning, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
received the annual report of the Boy Scouts of America.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with student delegates from the U.S. Senate Youth Program.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts to congratulate the Senator on his 
victories in Democratic Presidential primary elections earlier in the 
day.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on the National 
Medal of Science: Francisco G. Cigarroa, Denice Dee Denton, Peter H. 
Raven, and Margaret H. Wright.

March 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Los Angeles, CA, 
where, upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Charlotte 
Van Fleet.
    In the afternoon, at the Los Angeles Convention Center, the 
President met with faith-based program participants.
    In the evening, the President attended a Republican National 
Committee Victory 2004 dinner at a private residence.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Benjamin Grumbles 
to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
to attend the state funeral of President Boris Trajkovski of Macedonia 
on March 5: Secretary of Veterans Affairs Anthony J. Principi (head of 
delegation); Lawrence Butler; Frank Wolf; Eliot Engel; Barry Jackson; 
and Kent Patton.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record/near record snow on January 28-31.

March 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Bakersfield, CA, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Dana Karcher.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Santa Clara, CA. Later, 
he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, 
TX, on April 12.
    The President announced his intention to designate Erle Nye as 
Chairman of the National Infrastructure Advisory Council.

March 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush welcomed President 
Vicente Fox of Mexico and his wife, Marta Sahagun de Fox, to the Bush 
Ranch.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a dinner for 
President and Mrs. Fox.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Antitrust Modernization Commission: Dennis 
W. Carlton; Deborah A. Garza; Sanford M. Litvack; and Deborah P. 
Majoras.