Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 15 (Monday, April 12, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 15 (Monday, April 12, 2004)]
[Pages 566-567]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted April 6

 Michael H. Watson,

 of Ohio, to be U.S. District Judge for the Southern District of Ohio, 
vice James L. Graham, retiring.
 Submitted April 8

 Victor Henderson Ashe,

 of Tennessee, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Poland.

 James B. Cunningham,

 of Pennsylvania, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Career Minister, to be Representative of the United States of America 
to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador.

 James B. Cunningham,

 of Pennsylvania, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Career Minister, to be Representative of the United States of America 
to the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador.

 Raquel Egusquiza,

 of Michigan, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for a term 
expiring October 13, 2005, vice Lynda Hare Scribante, term expired.

 Jeffrey D. Feltman,

 of Ohio, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Lebanon.

 Patricia M. Haslach,

 of Oregon, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Lao People's Democratic Republic.

 Suedeen G. Kelly,

 of New Mexico, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory 
Commission for the term expiring June 30, 2009 (reappointment).

 Richard LeBaron,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the State of Kuwait.

 Jon D. Leibowitz,

 of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for a term of 7 years 
from September 26, 2003, vice Mozelle Willmont Thompson, term expired.

 Stuart Levey,

 of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of the Treasury for Enforcement, 
vice Jimmy Gurule, resigned.

 Patrick P. O'Carroll, Jr.,

 of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Social Security Administration, 
vice James G. Huse, Jr., retired.

 Barbara J. Sapin,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Merit Systems Protection Board for 
the term of 7 years expiring March 1, 2007, vice Benjamin Leader 
Erdreich, resigned.

 David M. Stone,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (new 
position).

 Allen Weinstein,

 of Maryland, to be Archivist of the United States, vice John W. Carlin.

 Benjamin H. Wu,

 of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Technology 
Policy, vice Bruce P. Mehlman, resigned.

[[Page 567]]

 Julia L. Wu,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for a term 
expiring February 4, 2008, vice James Roger Angel, term expired.
 Withdrawn April 8

 James G. Roche,

 of Maryland, to be Secretary of the Army, vice Thomas E. White, 
resigned, which was sent to the Senate on July 7, 2003.