Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 43 (Monday, October 25, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 43 (Monday, October 25, 2004)]
[Pages 2528-2529]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Sunrise, FL.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to West 
Palm Beach, FL, arriving in the afternoon. Later, they traveled to 
Daytona Beach, FL.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

October 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Marlton, NJ, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Boca Raton, FL, 
where, in the evening, he attended a Victory 2004 dinner

[[Page 2529]]

at a private residence.
    Later in the evening, the President traveled to St. Pete Beach, FL.
    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding from the remnants of Hurricane 
Jeanne beginning on September 27 and continuing.

October 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to St. Petersburg, FL. Later, he traveled to New Port Richey, 
FL.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to The Villages, FL. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

October 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Mason City, IA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Matthew Meyer.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Rochester, MN, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sister 
Chabanel Hayunga.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Eau Claire, WI, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Mick Jay Krueger.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening.

October 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, in 
the Roosevelt Room, he participated in the signing ceremony for S. 2634, 
the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act. Later, he participated in interviews 
with the Hispanic television networks Univision and Telemundo for later 
broadcast.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Downingtown, PA, 
where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Charlotte Huber. Later, at St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church, 
he met with Justin Cardinal Rigali, Archbishop of Philadelphia, PA.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Hershey, PA. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

October 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Wilkes-Barre, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Dolly Yunkunis.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Canton, OH, where, 
upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Dan Yeric. Later, he participated in a discussion on medical liability 
reform and health care at the Canton Palace Theatre.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to St. Petersburg, 
FL, where, in the evening, he attended a Victory 2004 dinner at a 
private residence. Later, he traveled to St. Pete Beach.