Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 13 (Monday, March 29, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 13 (Monday, March 29, 2004)]
[Pages 485-486]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Orlando, FL.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alvaro Uribe of Colombia to the White House for a meeting on March 23.

March 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Umar Hasan Ahmad al-Bashir of Sudan and Dr. 
John Garang de Mabior, Chairman of the Sudan People's Liberation 
Movement, to discuss the peace process in Sudan.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
NATO Secretary General Jakob ``Jaap'' Gijshert de Hoop Scheffer to 
discuss counterterrorism efforts and the situation in Kosovo. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of 
Italy to thank him for his support against terrorism following the March 
11 terrorist attacks in Madrid, Spain, and to discuss the situations in 
Iraq and Kosovo.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a meeting and photo 
opportunity with White House Fellows. Later, in the Oval Office, he met 
with Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor recipients.
    Later in the afternoon, in the East Room, the President participated 
in a photo opportunity with Children's Miracle Network Champions Across 
America Representatives.

March 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Alvaro Uribe of Colombia. He 
then had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Jose Manuel Durao 
Barroso of Portugal to discuss counterterrorism efforts and the 
situation in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of Germany to discuss counterterrorism 
efforts.
    Also in the afternoon, at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building, the President dropped by a meeting of chief State school 
officers.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Ministers Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha of Bulgaria, Juhan Parts of Estonia, 
Indulis Emsis of Latvia, Algirdas Mykolas Brazauskas of Lithuania, 
Adrian Nastase of Romania, Mikulas Dzurinda of Slovakia, and Anton Rop 
of Slovenia, and NATO Secretary General Jakob ``Jaap'' Gijshert de Hoop 
Scheffer to the White House on March 29 for a meeting and ceremony 
marking the formal accession of these nations into NATO. The White House

[[Page 486]]

also announced that the President will welcome Prime Ministers Fatos 
Nano of Albania, Ivo Sanader of Croatia, and Branko Crvenkovski of 
Macedonia, whose nations are seeking NATO membership and participating 
in NATO's Membership Action Plan.

March 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Konstandinos Karamanlis of Greece to the White House on May 20.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Paris, 
France, on June 5 to meet with French President Jacques Chirac, and that 
he will travel to Normandy, France, on June 6 to participate in 
ceremonies marking the 60th anniversary of D-day.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher R. 
Hill to be Ambassador to South Korea.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Steven J. Law as a 
member of the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People's 
Republic of China.

March 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Nashua, NH, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Lawrence Jeffery.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Boston, MA, where, upon 
arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Kareen Wilkinson.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas Charles 
Krajeski to be Ambassador to Yemen.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michele J. Sison 
to be Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Marta Araoz de la 
Torre, Meredith J. Long, and James Lorand Matory as members of the 
Cultural Property Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles A. Horner 
and Armstrong Williams as members of the President's Commission on White 
House Fellowships.

March 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Albuquerque, NM, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Irving Hall. He then met with Pueblo Governors.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ, where, upon 
arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Barbara Lockwood.
    Later in the afternoon, the President toured the Carpenter's 
Training Center in Phoenix. He then participated in a conversation on 
homeownership at the Center. Later, he traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, on April 12.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to Washington, DC, on April 14.
    The White House Announced that the President will welcome King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to the White House on April 21.