Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 12 (Monday, March 22, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 12 (Monday, March 22, 2004)]
[Pages 434-435]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 13

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

March 14

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a gala at 
Ford's Theatre.

March 15

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss President Putin's March 14 
reelection victory. President Bush then had a telephone conversation 
with President Vaira Vike-Freiberga of Latvia to thank her for Latvia's 
support in Iraq and discuss Latvia's upcoming accession into NATO.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, he had a telephone conversation with outgoing President Jose 
Maria Aznar of Spain to thank him for his support, friendship, and 
leadership during his term. President Bush then had a telephone 
conversation with President-elect Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero of Spain 
to congratulate him on his March 14 election victory.
    Also in the morning, the President participated in a photo 
opportunity with finalists of Intel Corporation's Science Talent Search.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Ardmore, PA, where, upon 
arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Robert S. Bright. Later, 
he visited the home of first-time homebuyer Pearl Cerdan.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

March 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President participated in a 
photo opportunity with recipients of the Presidential Award for 
Excellence in Science and Mathematics Teaching.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Constance Berry 
Newman to be Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonathan W. Dudas 
to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director 
of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas Neil Hull 
III as Ambassador to Sierra Leone.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jendayi Elizabeth 
Frazer to be Ambassador to South Africa.
    The President announced his intention to designate Mitchell B. Reiss 
as Special Envoy for Northern Ireland and to nominate him for the rank 
of Ambassador during his term of service.

March 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland. Then, in the Diplomatic 
Reception Room, he participated in a photo opportunity with Northern 
Ireland political and civic leaders. Later, on the State Floor, he 
participated in a Saint Patrick's Day reception.
    In the afternoon, at the Capitol, the President and Prime Minister 
Ahern attended a Saint Patrick's Day luncheon hosted by Speaker of the 
House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Director General Mohamed ElBaradei of the International Atomic Energy 
Agency to discuss efforts to combat the proliferation of weapons of mass 
destruction.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Niels Marquardt 
to be Ambassador to Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea.

[[Page 435]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Lauren Moriarty 
for the rank of Ambassador during her tenure of service as U.S. Senior 
Official to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum.

March 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis of Greece to congratulate him on his 
party's March 7 parliamentary election victory, and to discuss the 
situation in Cyprus and security for the upcoming Olympic Games in 
Athens. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Fort 
Campbell, KY, where, upon arrival, the President greeted USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Billy C. Colwell, Sr.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with U.S. 
military personnel. They then visited with family members of U.S. 
military personnel killed in Iraq.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger A. Meece to 
be Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Moriarty to 
be Ambassador to Nepal.

March 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland to discuss the war on 
terrorism, the situation in Iraq, and other issues. He then had a 
telephone conversation with President Jacques Chirac of France to 
discuss the upcoming 60th anniversary of D-day and to thank him for his 
support against terrorism following the March 11 terrorist attacks in 
Madrid, Spain.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.