Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 14 (Monday, April 5, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 14 (Monday, April 5, 2004)]
[Pages 527-528]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 27

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

March 29

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Secretary of State Colin L. 
Powell.

[[Page 528]]

March 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Appleton, WI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Gloria Grandone.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

March 31

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Antonio Saca of El Salvador to congratulate him on his 
March 21 election victory. Later, he had an intelligence briefing and 
then met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors James Spalding of Paraguay, 
Dodou Bammy Jagne of Gambia, Colin David Beck of the Solomon Islands, 
Carlos Alberto de Icaza Gonzalez of Mexico, Imad Moustapha of Syria, 
Eduardo Ferrero Costa of Peru, and Jose Guillermo Castillo Villacorta of 
Guatemala.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael W. Marine 
to be Ambassador to Vietnam.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Otis Webb Brawley, 
Jr., and Vinicio E. Madrigal to be members of the Board of Regents of 
the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.

April 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had separate telephone conversations with United Nations Secretary-
General Kofi Annan, Prime Minister Konstandinos Karamanlis of Greece, 
and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to discuss the 
Secretary-General's proposed Cyprus settlement plan.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he 
participated in a Greek Independence Day celebration.

April 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Islom Karimov of 
Uzbekistan to express his condolences on the recent terrorist attacks in 
Tashkent and to discuss counterterrorism efforts.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Huntington, WV, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Robin 
Black.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Greensboro, GA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteers Don and Anita 
McCoy.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his designation of Thomas V. Skinner as 
Acting Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency 
(Enforcement and Compliance Assurance).
    The President announced his intention to designate David Garman as 
Acting Under Secretary of Energy.
    The President declared an emergency in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record snow on January 23-27.