Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 8 (Monday, February 23, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 8 (Monday, February 23, 2004)]
[Pages 260-261]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 15

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Daytona 
Beach, FL, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, at Daytona International Speedway, the 
President and Mrs. Bush attended the Daytona 500 NASCAR race. Prior to 
the race, the President participated in an interview with Bill Weber of 
NBC Sports. During the race, he participated in a radio interview with 
the Motor Racing Network.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Tampa, FL. Later, he had a telephone conversation with NASCAR driver 
Dale Earnhardt, Jr., to congratulate him on winning the Daytona 500.

February 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush participated in a tour of NuAir Manufacturing.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

February 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Polk, LA, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Marguerite Nobles.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with National Guardsmen 
from the 39th Brigade Combat Team. Later, he met with families of 
soldiers killed in Iraq.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

February 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he met with leaders of the Roman Catholic 
community.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali of Tunisia, following their 
meeting in the Oval Office.

February 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to express his appreciation for 
the Korean National Assembly's approval of the dispatch of additional 
troops to Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
    In the afternoon, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building, the President participated in a roundtable discussion with 
taxpayers.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oregon and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas 
struck by severe winter storms December 26, 2003, through January 14, 
2004.

February 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Mark B. McClellan to discuss his intention to nominate Mr. 
McClellan to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
Services.
    Later in the morning, via computer from the Oval Office, the 
President started the new printing presses for the Buffalo News.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia to the White House on February 25.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark B. McClellan 
to be the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul V. Applegarth 
to be chief executive officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation.

[[Page 261]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate John Campbell to 
be Ambassador to Nigeria.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John W. McCarter, 
Jr., as a member of the Cultural Property Advisory Committee (museum 
representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint LaSalle Doheny 
Leffall, Jr., as a member of the President's Cancer Panel.