Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 15 (Monday, April 12, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 15 (Monday, April 12, 2004)]
[Pages 564-566]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 3

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

April 4

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Charlotte, NC, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Laura Spencer. Later, at Central Piedmont 
Community College-Central Campus, he met with job training program 
participants.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Karen Donton.
    Later in the afternoon, at Busch Stadium, the President threw out 
the first pitch for an opening day Major League Baseball game between 
the St. Louis Cardinals and the Milwaukee Brewers. Later, he 
participated in separate interviews with Fox Sports Midwest and Mike 
Sharron of KMOX Radio.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

April 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to El Dorado, AR, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Joe McFadden.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

April 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the 
United Kingdom to discuss counterterrorism efforts, the situations in 
Iraq and the Middle East, and Prime Minister Blair's upcoming visit to 
the White House.
    Later in the morning, the President had a videoconference with the 
National Security Council, including Ambassador L. Paul Bremer III, 
Presidential Envoy to Iraq, and Gen. John P. Abizaid, USA, combatant 
commander, U.S. Central Command.
    In the afternoon, the President had a second videoconference with 
the National Security Council, including Ambassador Bremer and Gen. 
Abizaid.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom at the White House on April 
16.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Paul Martin of Canada at the White House on April 30.

April 8

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the situation in Iraq, 
counterterrorism efforts, and other issues. He then had an intelligence 
briefing.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice to discuss her testimony 
before the National Commission on Terrorist  Attacks Upon  the  United 
States (9/11 Commission) earlier in the day. Later, he hosted a tour of 
the Bush Ranch for representatives of conservation and sportsmen's 
organizations.

[[Page 565]]

    Also during the day, the President participated in an interview with 
the Ladies' Home Journal magazine.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Albert A. Frink, 
Jr., to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Manufacturing and 
Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Suedeen G. Kelly 
to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jon D. Leibowitz 
to be a Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick P. 
O'Carroll, Jr., to be Inspector General of the Social Security 
Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David M. Stone to 
be Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security 
Administration).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Allen Weinstein to 
be Archivist of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Benjamin H. Wu to 
be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Technology Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Victor Henderson 
Ashe to be Ambassador to Poland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James B. 
Cunningham to be U.S. Representative to the Vienna Office of the United 
Nations with the rank of Ambassador and U.S. Representative to the 
International Atomic Energy Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey D. Feltman 
to be Ambassador to Lebanon.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia M. 
Haslach to be Ambassador to Laos.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard B. LeBaron 
to be Ambassador to Kuwait.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raquel Egusquiza 
and Julia L. Wu to be members of the Board of Trustees for the Barry M. 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Stewart Simonson as 
Assistant Secretary for Public Health Emergency Preparedness at the 
Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to designate Alicia R. 
Castaneda as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Federal Housing 
Finance Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Randal Quarles as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the National Advisory Council on Indian 
Education: Gregory Anderson; Donna L. Brown; Robin Butterfield; Robert 
Chiago; Carol Gho; Kathy Hopinkah Hannan; Michelle D. Henderson; Cynthia 
A. Lindquist; Michael C. Parish; Lennie L. Pickard; Lori Quigley; 
Virginia Thomas; Ronald G. Toya; and Linda Warner.

April 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy and President Aleksander 
Kwasniewski of Poland to discuss the situation in Iraq. He also had a 
telephone conversation with President Francisco Flores Perez of El 
Salvador to discuss the situation in Iraq and to express his condolences 
on the death of a Salvadoran soldier in Iraq on April 3.
    Also during the day, the President had a videoconference with the 
National Security Council, including Ambassador Bremer, Gen. Abizaid, 
and Lt. Gen. Ricardo S. Sanchez, USA, commander, Coalition Joint Task 
Force Seven.

[[Page 566]]