Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 6 (Monday, February 9, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 6 (Monday, February 9, 2004)]
[Pages 206-207]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Philadelphia, PA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

February 1

    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview by Jim 
Nantz of CBS Sports for ``The Super Bowl Today'' television program.

February 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with David Kay, former CIA 
Special Advisor for Strategy Regarding Iraqi Weapons of Mass Destruction 
Programs, to discuss Dr. Kay's findings as head of the Iraq Survey 
Group.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with United 
Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan at the White House on February 3.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Craig A. Kelly to 
be Ambassador to Chile.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Hardiman 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the National Institute of 
Building Sciences.

February 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President had lunch with 
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan. Later, in the Roosevelt 
Room, he met with Iraqi Fulbright scholars.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President visited 
with families of crewmembers who died in the Space Shuttle Columbia 
accident on February 1, 2003.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jerald S. Paul to 
be Principal Deputy Administrator of the National Nuclear Security 
Administration at the Department of Energy.

February 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the historic Evermay house, he attended a Republican National 
Committee luncheon.

February 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Charleston, SC, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Charles Hall.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark Falcoff to be 
a member of the National Security Education Board.

[[Page 207]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, flooding, snow melt, and ice jams on December 10-31, 
2003.

February 6

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to express his condolences to the 
Russian people concerning the terrorist attack on the Moscow subway 
earlier in the day. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President had a meeting with Charles 
Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group. Later, with Chairman N. Gregory 
Mankiw of the Council of Economic Advisers, he signed the 2004 Economic 
Report.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Reston, VA, where he 
received a briefing on counterterrorism efforts at the National 
Targeting Center. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Chairman 
Gyude Bryant of Liberia at the White House on February 10.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dionel M. Aviles 
to be Under Secretary of the Navy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas B. 
Robertson to be Ambassador to Slovenia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Enrique J. Sosa to 
be a member of the Reform Board (Amtrak).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Pamela Dorwarth, 
Denis Pratt, and Gary Leonard Talbot as members of the Architectural and 
Transportation Barriers Compliance Access Board.