Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 29 (Monday, July 19, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 29 (Monday, July 19, 2004)]
[Pages 1313-1315]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 11

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a White House 
tee-ball game on the South Lawn.

July 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Oak Ridge, TN, where he toured the Oak Ridge National 
Laboratory.

[[Page 1314]]

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Elias Antonio Saca of El 
Salvador.

July 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Marquette, MI, where he 
began a bus tour. Upon arrival in Marquette, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Grace McCarthy. Later, he traveled to Duluth, MN, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Darren Klemek.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Milwaukee, WI.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel R. Levinson 
to be Inspector General at the Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Don T. Riley to be 
a Commissioner of the Mississippi River Commission and, upon 
appointment, to designate him as Commission President.
    The President announced his intention to appoint David H. Koch as a 
member of the National Cancer Advisory Board.

July 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
continuing his bus tour, he traveled to Waukesha, WI, and later to West 
Bend, WI.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fond du Lac, WI, and 
later to Oshkosh, WI.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Ashwaubenon, WI. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his appointment of Walter B. Slocombe as a 
member of the Commission on the Intelligence Capabilities of the United 
States Regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction.

July 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he met with Secretary of 
State Colin L. Powell and then with the National Infrastructure Advisory 
Council.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. He then met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with President Natsagiyn Bagabandi of 
Mongolia.
    Later in the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President 
received diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Roberto Abdenur of 
Brazil, Bernardo Sande of Malawi, Daouda Diabate of Cote d'Ivore, 
Charles A. Minor of Liberia, Leonard Njogu Ngaithe of Kenya, George a. 
Obiozor of Nigeria, Tijani Ould Kerim of Mauritania, Kasit Piromya of 
Thailand, and Gordon Shirley of Jamaica.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the 2004 Olympic 
games in Athens, Greece: President George Bush (delegation leader); 
Barbara Bush; Thomas Miller; Barbara P. Bush; Jenna Bush; Chris Evert; 
Alex Spanos; and Faye Spanos.

July 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Tampa, FL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Lan Pham.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Beckley, WV, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Susan Landis. He then 
made remarks at a rally. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate B. Lynn Pascoe to 
be Ambassador to Indonesia.
    The President announced his intention to designate Daniel B. Levin 
as Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Counsel, at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his designation of Timothy S. Bitsberger as 
Acting Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Financial Markets).
    The President declared a major disaster in New Jersey and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning July 12 and continuing.

[[Page 1315]]