Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 36 (Monday, September 6, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 36 (Monday, September 6, 2004)]
[Pages 1815-1817]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Troy, OH, where he began a bus tour.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Lima, OH. Later, he 
traveled to Perrysburg, OH. While en route aboard the bus, he 
participated in an interview with Matt Lauer of NBC's ``Today'' show for 
later broadcast.

[[Page 1816]]

    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 29

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Wheeling, WV. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

August 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Nashua, NH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Julie Dube. He then participated in an interview with 
WMUR-TV.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Detroit, MI, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Annie Kaigler before 
continuing on to Taylor, MI.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Dearborn, MI.

August 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Nashville, TN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Andrea Martin.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Des Moines, IA, 
where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Amy Bickel. He then participated, by telephone, in a radio 
interview with Rush Limbaugh before continuing on to Alleman, IA.
    In the evening, the President traveled to North Middleton Township, 
PA, where he participated in a family-style picnic and watched a 
softball game. He then made satellite remarks to the Republican National 
Convention in New York City. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    Also in the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Mel R. Martinez to 
congratulate him on his victory in the Florida Republican Senate 
primary.

September 1

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to offer his condolences and support 
regarding recent terrorist attacks in Russia and the continuing hostage 
situation at a school in Beslan, Russia. He also had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Konstandinos Karamanlis of Greece to 
congratulate him on the success and safety of the recent Olympic games 
in Athens, Greece. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Columbus, OH, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Carol Hribar.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Elmhurst, NY, where, at 
the Italian Charities of America, he visited with firefighters and 
supporters. Later, he traveled to New York City.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on July 3-18.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Hurricane Charley on August 14-15.

September 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at Madison Square Garden, the President attended the 
Republican National Convention. Later, he traveled to Wilkes-Barre, PA.

September 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Moosic, PA. Later, he traveled to Milwaukee, WI, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Kathy Hawkins before 
continuing on to West Allis, WI.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cedar Rapids, IA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Lisa Gibney. He 
then made remarks at a rally.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Cleveland, OH.

[[Page 1817]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes associated with 
Tropical Depression Gaston beginning on August 30 and continuing.