Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 11 (Monday, March 15, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 11 (Monday, March 15, 2004)]
[Pages 399-401]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 6

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing. Later, he met with President Vicente Fox of 
Mexico.
    At noon, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a lunch for President 
Fox and his wife, Marta Sahagun de Fox.

March 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Dallas, TX, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Dr. Joann Sanders.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Houston, TX, where he 
attended the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo and greeted the 2003 Pro 
Rodeo Cowboys Association champions.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate J. Bonnie Newman 
and Leighton Smith, Jr., as members of the Board of Visitors of the U.S. 
Naval Academy.

March 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Arlington, VA, and later returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Veterans of Foreign Wars 
commander-in-chief Edward S. Banas, Sr. He then participated in a photo 
opportunity with the winners of the Veterans of Foreign Wars National 
Voice of Democracy Award.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tina Westby Jonas 
to be Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller).
    The President announced his intention to designate Patrick P. 
O'Carroll, Jr., as Acting

[[Page 400]]

Inspector General of the Social Security Administration.

March 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Cleveland, OH, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Judi Firestone. He then toured the Thermagon, 
Inc., manufacturing plant.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stuart Levey to be 
Under Secretary of the Treasury for Enforcement in charge of overseeing 
the new Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Juan Carlos Zarate 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorist Finance.

March 11

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with King Juan Carlos I and President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to 
express his condolences concerning the terrorist attack in Madrid 
earlier in the morning. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to East Farmingdale, NY, 
where, upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Richard 
McKeon. Later, he traveled to Bay Shore, NY, where he toured U.S.A. 
Industries, Inc.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to East Meadow, NY, 
where he attended the groundbreaking ceremony for the Nassau County 9/11 
Memorial.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Jan Peter Balkenende of the Netherlands at the White House on 
March 16.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland to the White House on March 17.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Romolo A. Bernardi 
to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas Hill Moore 
to be a member of the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edwin D. 
Williamson to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lewis W. Lucke to 
be Ambassador to Swaziland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Earle I. Mack to 
be Ambassador to Finland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jackson McDonald 
to be Ambassador to Guinea.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John M. Ordway to 
be Ambassador to Kazakhstan.

March 12

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Ricardo Lagos of Chile to discuss the situation in Haiti. 
Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with winners of the White House News Photographers Association's ``Eyes 
of History'' contest. Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph E. Brennan 
to be a Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barbara J. Sapin 
to be a member of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jack Dyer Crouch 
II to be Ambassador to Romania.

[[Page 401]]