Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 50 (Monday, December 13, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 50 (Monday, December 13, 2004)]
[Pages 2934-2935]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, to 
attend the Army-Navy football game at Lincoln Financial Field. Before 
the game, he met with both teams in their locker rooms and participated 
in the opening coin toss. He watched the first half of the game from 
Army's side of the field and the second half from Navy's.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

December 5

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the Kennedy 
Center Honors ceremony at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing 
Arts.

December 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal. Later, on the State Floor, he and 
Mrs. Bush participated in the Children's Christmas Reception and 
Program.
    Also in the afternoon, the President met with bipartisan Members of 
Congress to discuss Social Security.
    The President announced his appointment of Gerald A. Reynolds and 
Ashley L. Taylor as members of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.
    The President announced his designation of Gerald A. Reynolds and 
Abigail Thernstrom as Chairperson and Vice Chairperson, respectively, of 
the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, with the concurrence of a majority 
of the Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kenneth Marcus as 
Staff Director of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, with the 
concurrence of a majority of the Commission.

December 7

    In the morning, the President traveled to Miramar, CA. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. Upon 
arrival, he met with Kathryn Ostapuk, whom he presented with the 
President's Volunteer Service Award.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Camp Pendleton, CA, 
where he presented the Presidential Unit Citation to the Combined Joint 
Special Operations Task Force SOUTH/Task Force K-BAR. Later, he had 
lunch with military personnel.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
in the evening.

December 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council.
    During the day, the President participated in separate holiday 
receptions with members of the Presidential Protective Detail and staff 
members of the White House and the Executive Office of the President.

[[Page 2935]]

December 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had telephone conversations with President Aleksander Kwasniewski of 
Poland and President Valdas Adamkus of Lithuania to discuss the 
situation in Ukraine.

    In the afternoon, in an Oval Office ceremony, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Federico Humbert de Arias of 
Panama, Francisco Tomas Duenas Leiva of Costa Rica, Jehangir Karamat of 
Pakistan, Mahamoud Adam Bechir of Chad, John Bruton of the European 
Commission, and Maris Riekstins of Latvia.

    Later in the afternoon, in Room 476 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, the President met with rabbis and Jewish 
community leaders. Later, on the State Floor, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a holiday reception.

    The White House announced that the President will travel to Europe 
in February 2005 for meetings with European leaders, beginning his 
consultations in Brussels, Belgium, on February 22, meeting with allied 
heads of state and Government at NATO. The President will also meet with 
the EU Presidency, the European Council, and the European Commission 
President.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Jim Nicholson to 
be Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

December 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with People magazine.

    In the afternoon, the President dropped by a meeting of the National 
Security Council and participants of the U.S.-Russia Volunteer 
Initiative.

    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Fort 
Belvoir, VA. Later, they returned to Washington, DC.

    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy for a meeting and lunch on December 
15.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Samuel W. Bodman 
to be Secretary of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on the National 
Medal of Science: Bruce N. Ames; Randolph W. Bromery; Winfred M. 
Phillips; and Jean'ne Marie Shreeve (Chairperson).

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Helping to Enhance the Livelihood of 
People (HELP) Around the Globe Commission: Carol Craigle Adelman; Mary 
K. Bush; Glenn Estess; C. Boyden Gray (Chairman); Carla Hills; and 
Walter H. Kansteiner.