Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 32 (Monday, August 9, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 32 (Monday, August 9, 2004)]
[Pages 1497-1498]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 31

    In the morning, in Cleveland, OH, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he traveled to Canton, OH.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cambridge, OH. Later, he 
traveled to Triadelphia, WV.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Pittsburgh, PA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 2

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes of Portugal to 
congratulate him on taking office and to discuss counterterrorism 
efforts. He then had an intelligence briefing and met with the Homeland 
Security Council.
    Later in the morning, in the Cabinet Room, the President had a 
Cabinet meeting.
    In the afternoon, in the Residence, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an interview with Redbook magazine. Later, he met with 
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.

[[Page 1498]]

August 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Dallas, TX, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Larry Hawkins.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a Victory 2004 
luncheon at a private residence. Later, he traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on May 13-June 17.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes beginning on June 12 
and continuing.

August 4

    In the morning, the President traveled to Moline, IL. While en route 
aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence briefing. Upon arrival at 
the Quad City International Airport, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Peggy Schaefer. He then traveled to Davenport, IA.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Minneapolis, MN, where, 
upon arrival at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Bryan Comstock.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Le Sueur, MN, 
where he toured the Katzenmeyer family farm. Later, he traveled to 
Mankato, MN.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Columbus, OH, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jack Lehr.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Saginaw, MI, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Charlie 
Wargel.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Stratham, NH, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Kennebunkport, ME.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding on July 13-15.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and landslides beginning on July 22 
and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on August 1 and 
continuing.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing 
Arts, Advisory Committee on the Arts: Joy Bollinger; Sandra S. Brock; 
Jennifer Compton Corton; Peter Cummings; Judith Waite Freeman; Janet 
Hendren; Christine Hughes; Mark B. Hutton; Mary Joann Jundt; Kathy 
Kelly; Deanna Kirchman; William Lamb; Sandra K. Meyers; Gary Michael; 
Mary Mohs; William D. Mounger; Oscar Persons; Kay Phillips; Jean Rolles; 
Fred Sands; Masako H. Shinn; and Susan W. Simons.