Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 5 (Monday, February 2, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 5 (Monday, February 2, 2004)]
[Pages 171-173]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Capitol Hilton Hotel, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended the Alfalfa Club Dinner.

January 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Little Rock, AR, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Mary Lynn Roberson. Then, at the Baptist Health 
Medical Center, he participated in a roundtable discussion on medical 
liability reform.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President hosted an annual meeting and dinner 
with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and combat commanders.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Pamela M. Iovino 
to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Congressional Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dionel E. Aviles 
and Susan C. Schwab as members of the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air 
Force Academy.

[[Page 172]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint J.C. Watts, Jr., 
and David Horton Wilkins as members of the Board of Visitors of the U.S. 
Military Academy.

January 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President 
hosted a lunch for President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on December 14-15, 2003.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, flooding, mudslides, and landslides on January 3, 2004, 
and continuing.

January 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office 
Building, the President met with small-business owners and individuals 
to discuss medical savings accounts and association health plans.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Prime Minister Recep 
Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey in the Residence. Later, he met with Secretary 
of State Colin L. Powell.

January 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with the Arabic language satellite 
television station Al Hurra, for later broadcast.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Merrimack, NH, where, 
upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer
Daniel Hebert.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Greenwich, CT, where, upon 
arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Kimberly Lucia. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sue Ellen 
Wooldridge to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Isaac Fulwood, 
Jr., to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Maria Otero to be 
a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute of Peace.

January 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he made remarks at a Republican National Committee winter 
meeting at the White House.
    In the evening, at the Naval Observatory, the President had dinner 
with Vice President and Mrs. Cheney.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Chancellor 
Gerhard Schroeder of Germany to the White House for a meeting and 
working lunch on February 27.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William T. Hiller, 
Juan R. Olivarez, and Richard Kenneth Wagner to be members of the 
National Institute for Literacy Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals to be members of the Presidential Commission on 
Implementation of United States Space Exploration Policy: Edward C. 
Aldridge, Jr. of Virginia; Carleton S. Fiorina of California; Michael P. 
Jackson of Virginia; Laurie Ann Leshin of Arizona; Lester L. Lyles of 
Ohio; Paul Spudis of Maryland; Neil deGrasse Tyson of New York; Robert 
Smith Walker of Pennsylvania; Maria Zuber of Massachusetts.

[[Page 173]]