Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 47 (Monday, November 22, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 47 (Monday, November 22, 2004)]
[Pages 2838-2840]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted November 16

 Jonathan Steven Adelstein,

 of South Dakota, to be a member of the Federal Communications 
Commission for a term expiring June 30, 2008 (reappointment).

 Harold Jennings Creel, Jr.,

 of South Carolina, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for the term 
expiring June 30, 2009 (reappointment).

 Patricia Cushwa,

 of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years, vice Janie L. Jeffers.

 Michael V. Dunn,

 of Iowa, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 19, 2006, vice 
James E. Newsome, resigned.

 Carolyn L. Gallagher,

 of Texas, to be a Governor of the U.S. Postal Service for the remainder 
of the term expiring December 8, 2005, vice Erensta Ballard, resigned, 
to which position she was appointed during the last recess of the 
Senate.

 Louis J. Giuliano,

 of New York, to be a Governor of the U.S. Postal Service for a term 
expiring December 8, 2009, vice Albert Casey, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

[[Page 2839]]

 Alberto R. Gonzales,

 of Texas, to be Attorney General, vice John Ashcroft, resigned.

 Tony Hammond,

 of Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Postal Rate Commission for a 
term expiring October 14, 2010 (reappointment).

 D. Jeffrey Hirschberg,

 of Wisconsin, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for 
a term expiring August 13, 2007 (reappointment).

 Albert Henry Konetzni, Jr.,

 of New York, to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for a 
term expiring June 30, 2009, vice Richard A. Meserve, resigned.

 Jacob Joseph Lew,

 of New York, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring 
October 6, 2008, vice Arthur J. Naparstek, term expired.

 Mimi Mager,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Board of Directors 
of the Corporation for National and Community Service for a term 
expiring December 27, 2007, vice Mark D. Gearan, term expired.

 Laurie Stenberg Nichols,

 of South Dakota, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for a term 
expiring March 3, 2010, vice Donna Dearman Smith, term expired.

 Edward Alton Parrish,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for a term 
expiring April 17, 2008, vice Hans Mark, resigned.

 Charles P. Ruch,

 of South Dakota, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry 
Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation for a term 
expiring August 11, 2010, vice Niranjan Shamalbhai Shah, term expired.

 Jay T. Snyder,

 of New York, to be a member of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public 
Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2007 (reappointment).

 Kenneth Y. Tomlinson,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for 
a term expiring August 13, 2007 (reappointment).

 Kenneth Y. Tomlinson,

 of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors 
(reappointment).

 Dallas Tonsager,

 of South Dakota, to be a member of the Farm Credit Administration 
Board, Farm Credit Administration for a term expiring May 21, 2010, vice 
Michael M. Reyna, term expired.

 Sharon Tucker,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. 
Truman Scholarship Foundation for a term expiring December 10, 2005, 
vice E. Gordon Gee, term expired.

 Raymond Thomas Wagner, Jr.,

 of Missouri, to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board for a term expiring September 14, 2009 (reappointment).

 Ernest J. Wilson III,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2010 
(reappointment).

 Jennifer M. Anderson,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia for the term of 15 years, vice Steffen 
W. Graae, retired.

 A. Noel Anketell Kramer,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the District 
of Columbia Court of Appeals for the term of 15 years, vice John 
Montague Steadman, retired.

[[Page 2840]]

 Withdrawn November 16

 Ann C. Rosenthal,

 of Iowa, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the National 
Institute of Building Sciences for a term expiring September 7, 2003, 
vice Steve M. Hays, term expired, and for a term expiring September 7, 
2006 (reappointment), which were sent to the Senate on June 12, 2003.

 Lawrence T. Di Rita,

 of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, vice Victoria 
Clarke, which was sent to the Senate on November 21, 2003.
 Submitted November 17

 A. Wilson Greene,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the National Museum and Library Services 
Board for a term expiring December 6, 2009 (reappointment).

 Katina P. Strauch,

 of South Carolina, to be a member of the National Museum and Library 
Services Board for a term expiring December 6, 2009, vice Elizabeth J. 
Pruet, term expiring.