Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 2 (Monday, January 12, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 2 (Monday, January 12, 2004)]
[Pages 50-52]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 3

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

January 5

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan to congratulate the Afghan 
Government on the adoption of a constitution and to discuss the war on 
terror and the Kandahar-Kabul highway. Later, he had a telephone 
conversation with President-elect Oscar Berger of Guatemala to 
congratulate him on his electoral victory and to discuss Guatemala-U.S. 
relations.

[[Page 51]]

    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO, where, 
upon arrival, he greeted USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jeff Tank. Later, 
in the library of Pierre Laclede Elementary School, he visited with 
fourth graders.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

 January 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation from the Oval Office with NASA 
Administrator Sean O'Keefe to congratulate NASA on the successful 
landing of the Mars Exploration Rover Spirit on Mars.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Andrew B. Maner as 
Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security.

January 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President attended a Republican National 
Committee luncheon at the historic Evermay house in northwest 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Linda Mysliwy 
Conlin as a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank 
of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles Johnson as 
Chief Financial Officer of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Stephen L. Johnson 
as Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gerard Schwartz as 
a member of the National Council on the Arts.

January 8

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Alvaro Uribe of Colombia to congratulate him on Colombia's 
recent successes against narcoterrorism and to discuss the Special 
Summit of the Americas to be held January 12-13 in Monterrey, Mexico. He 
then had a telephone conversation with President Lucio Gutierrez Borbua 
of Ecuador to discuss cooperation against terrorism and the upcoming 
summit.
    Later in the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, he traveled to Knoxville, TN, where, upon arrival, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Nathaniel Foster. Later, at West View Elementary 
School, he visited with schoolchildren.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Palm Beach Gardens, FL, 
where, upon arrival at Palm Beach International Airport, he greeted USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Gordon Stanley.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

January 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and later 
met with the National Security Council. Later, he met with U.S. 
Ambassador to Afghanistan Zalmay Khalilzad to discuss progress in 
Afghanistan.
    In the afternoon, at DAR Constitution Hall, the President made 
remarks to Federal agency leadership and Senior Executive Service 
employees.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jose Maria Aznar of Spain to the White House for a meeting on January 
14, and that President and Mrs. Bush will host a dinner for President 
and Mrs. Aznar later that evening.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland to the White House on January 26.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to the White House on January 28.
    The President announced his appointment of Matthew Kirk as Deputy 
Assistant for Legislative Affairs-Senate.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark Anthony 
Carter, John Gilbert Cruz, and Grace Flores-Hughes as members

[[Page 52]]

of the Federal Service Impasses Panel at the Federal Labor Relations 
Authority.