Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 26 (Monday, June 28, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 26 (Monday, June 28, 2004)]
[Pages 1157-1158]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted June 24

 Beverly Allen,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the National Museum and Library Services 
Board for a term expiring December 6, 2008, vice Beth Walkup, term 
expired.

 Gail Daly,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Museum and Library Services 
Board for a term expiring December 6, 2008 (new position).

 Donald Leslie,

 of Wisconsin, to be a member of the National Museum and Library 
Services Board for a term expiring December 6, 2006 (new position).

 Amy Owen,

 of Utah, to be a member of the National Museum and Library Services 
Board for a term expiring December 6, 2008 (new position).

 Sandra Pickett,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Museum and Library Services 
Board for a term expiring December 6, 2005 (new position).

 Renee Swartz,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the National Museum and Library 
Services Board for a term expiring December 6, 2007 (new position).

 Kim Wang,

 of California, to be a member of the National Museum and Library 
Services Board for a term expiring December 6, 2004 (new position).

 Romolo A. Bernardi,

 of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, 
vice Alphonso R. Jackson, to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Edward Brehm,

 of Minnesota, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation for a term expiring November

[[Page 1158]]

13, 2007, vice Cecil James Banks, term expired, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Charles Johnson,

 of Utah, to be Chief Financial Officer, Environmental Protection 
Agency, vice Linda Morrison Combs, to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Ann R. Klee,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency, vice Robert E. Fabricant, resigned, to which position 
she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Adam Marc Lindemann,

 of New York, to be a member of the Advisory Board for Cuba Broadcasting 
for a term expiring October 27, 2005, vice Christopher D. Coursen, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Cathy M. MacFarlane,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development, vice Diane Leneghan Tomb, resigned, to which position she 
was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Dennis C. Shea,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development, vice Alberto Faustino Trevino, resigned, to which position 
he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Kiron Kanina Skinner,

 of Pennsylvania, to be a member of the National Security Education 
Board for a term of 4 years, vice Herschelle S. Challenor, to which 
position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Deborah Ann Spagnoli,

 of California, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years, vice John R. Simpson, term expired, to which position 
she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Kirk Van Tine,

 of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation, vice Michael P. 
Jackson, resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Juanita Alicia Vasquez-Gardner,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S Truman 
Scholarship Foundation for a term expiring December 10, 2009 
(reappointment), to which position she was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Sue Ellen Wooldridge,

 of Virginia, to be a Solicitor of the Department of the Interior, vice 
William Gerry Myers III, resigned, to which position she was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.