Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 30 (Monday, July 26, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 30 (Monday, July 26, 2004)]
[Pages 1374-1375]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Iraqi 
women and wounded U.S. military personnel. Later, on the South Lawn, the 
President participated in a photo opportunity with Buddy Rice, winner of 
the 2004 Indianapolis 500, and his championship team.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Adrian Nastase of Romania to the White House on July 21.

July 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had breakfast with economic advisers. Later, he had separate meetings 
with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and Secretary of Defense Donald 
H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Cedar Rapids, IA. In 
the afternoon, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Dean H. Gesme, Sr.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to St. Charles, MO, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Daffney 
Moore.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lloyd O. Pierson 
to be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development (Bureau of Africa).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lloyd O. Pierson 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African Development 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to designate C.W. Bill Young 
as the President's Personal Representative at the Farnborough 
International Aerospace and Defense Exhibition and Air Show July 19-25 
in Farnborough, England.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on May 28 and continuing.

July 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with Apollo 
11 astronauts Michael Collins, Neil Armstrong, and Buzz Aldrin to 
commemorate the 35th anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing.
    In the afternoon, on the steps of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President participated in a photo opportunity with 
White House summer interns.

July 22

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ayad al-Alawi of the Iraqi Interim Government to discuss 
counterterrorism efforts in Iraq and Iraqi national elections to be held 
in January 2005. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Chairman Thomas H. Kean and Vice Chairman Lee H. Hamilton

[[Page 1375]]

of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States 
(9/11 Commission) to discuss recommendations in the Commission's report, 
which was released that day. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, the President 
participated in a signing ceremony for the Law Enforcement Officers 
Safety Act of 2004.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a signing ceremony for Executive Order 13347--Individuals With 
Disabilities in Emergency Preparedness.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Glenview, IL, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Nicolette 
Meier. He then toured the Northeastern Illinois Public Safety Training 
Academy. Later, he traveled to Winnetka, IL, where he attended a Victory 
2004 dinner at a private residence.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Karen Alderman 
Harbert to be Assistant Secretary of Energy for International Affairs 
and Domestic Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gregory Franklin 
Jenner to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Tax Policy.
    The President announced his intention to designate Sharon Brown-
Hruska as Acting Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sharon Brown-
Hruska to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Hector E. Morales 
to be U.S. Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anna Escobedo 
Cabral to be Treasurer of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to designate John S. Shaw as 
Acting Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environment, Safety, and 
Health.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John S. Shaw to be 
Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environment, Safety, and Health.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James S. Simpson 
to be a member of the Advisory Board of the St. Lawrence Seaway 
Development Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jane Dee Hull to 
be a U.S. Representative to the 59th Session of the General Assembly of 
the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Yousif B. Ghafari 
to be a U.S. Alternate Representative to the 59th Session of the General 
Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to the 
Federated States of Micronesia impacted by Typhoon Sudal on April 8-14, 
by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for public 
restoration work in the State of Yap.

July 23

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings. 
Later, he traveled to Detroit, MI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Eric Rasmussen.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Crawford, TX, where he 
participated in a Victory 2004 event at a private residence and then 
went to the Bush Ranch.