Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 9 (Monday, March 1, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 9 (Monday, March 1, 2004)]
[Page 307]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted February 23

 Paul V. Applegarth,

 of Connecticut, to be Chief Executive Officer, Millennium Challenge 
Corporation (new position).

 John Campbell,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Federal Republic of Nigeria.

 Ricardo H. Hinojosa,

 of Texas, to be Chair of the U.S. Sentencing Commission, vice Diana E. 
Murphy, resigned.

 Michael O'Neill,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the U.S. Sentencing Commission for a 
term expiring October 31, 2009 (reappointment).
 Withdrawn February 23

 Jaymie Alan Durnan,

 of New Hampshire, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, vice Mario 
P. Fiori, which was sent to the Senate on November 21, 2003.
 Submitted February 26

 John J. Danilovich,

 of California, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Federative Republic of Brazil.

 Theodore William Kassinger,

 of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, vice Samuel W. Bodman, 
resigned.

 Edward R. McPherson,

 of Texas, to be Under Secretary of Education, vice Eugene Hickok.

 Neil McPhie,

 of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, vice 
Susanne T. Marshall.

 Michael Christian Polt,

 of Tennessee, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to Serbia and Montenegro.

 Mark B. McClellan,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Centers for 
Medicare and Medicaid Services, vice Thomas Scully, resigned.
 Withdrawn February 26

 John Joseph Grossenbacher,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for 
the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2004, vice Richard A. 
Meserve, resigned, and for the term of 5 years expiring June 30, 2008 
(reappointment), which were sent to the Senate on July 25, 2003.

 Susanne T. Marshall,

 of California, to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, 
vice Beth Susan Slavet, which was sent to the Senate on January 26, 
2004.