Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 41 (Monday, October 11, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 41 (Monday, October 11, 2004)]
[Pages 2284-2286]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Columbus, OH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Karen Kindron. Upon arrival in Columbus, he 
began a bus tour.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Mansfield, OH.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cuyahoga Falls, OH. 
While en route aboard the bus, he met with leaders of the Fraternal 
Order of Police.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening.
    The White House announced that on October 1 the President declared a 
major disaster in New York and ordered Federal aid to supplement State 
and local recovery efforts in the area struck by severe storms and 
flooding on August 29-September 16.
    The White House announced that on October 1 the President declared a 
major disaster in New York and ordered Federal aid to supplement State 
and local recovery efforts in the area struck by Tropical Depression 
Ivan on September 16-24.
    The White House announced that on October 1 the President declared a 
major disaster in New Jersey and ordered Federal aid to supplement State 
and local recovery efforts in the area struck by Tropical Depression 
Ivan beginning on September 18 and continuing.

[[Page 2285]]

October 3

    During the day, the President participated in a debate preparation 
session.

October 4

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to congratulate him on the 
birth of his second grandson, to extend birthday greetings, and to 
discuss the September 28 release of two Italian hostages held in Iraq. 
He then had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Des Moines, IA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Tony Salem.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Clive, IA. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

October 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, in the Residence, the President watched the Vice 
Presidential debate. Later, he had a telephone conversation with Vice 
President Dick Cheney to discuss the debate.

October 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Wilkes-Barre, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteers Blake and Mona Schomas.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Detroit, MI, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Robert Eastman. He then 
traveled to Farmington Hills, MI.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening.

October 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with President Hu Jintao of China to 
discuss China-U.S. relations, the situation in North Korea, economic 
issues, and China-Taiwan relations.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Finance Minister Adil Abd al-Mahdi of the Iraqi Interim Government.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Wausau, WI, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Delores Milbeck. Later, 
he traveled to St. Louis, MO.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Florida by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
Public Assistance projects undertaken as a result of Tropical Storm 
Bonnie and Hurricane Charley and Hurricanes Frances, Ivan, and Jeanne.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Tropical Storm Frances beginning on September 6 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Minnesota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on September 14 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in the U.S. Virgin Islands 
and ordered Federal aid to supplement Territory and local recovery 
efforts in the area struck by Tropical Storm Jeanne on September 14-17.
    The President declared a major disaster in Tennessee and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on September 16-20.

October 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with President-elect Susilo Bambang 
Yudhoyono of Indonesia to congratulate him on his October 4 election 
victory.
    In the evening, at Washington University, the President participated 
in a debate with Democratic Presidential candidate John F. Kerry.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frederick William 
Hatfield to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harold Damelin to 
be Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury.

[[Page 2286]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward L. Flippen 
to be Inspector General of the Corporation for National and Community 
Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brian David Miller 
to be Inspector General of the General Services Administration.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gen. Richard B. 
Myers, USAF, as a Governor on the Board of Governors of the American 
National Red Cross.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jorge A. Plasencia 
to be a member of the Advisory Board for Cuba Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carolyn L. 
Gallagher and Louis J. Giuliano to be Governors on the Board of 
Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.
    The President announced his intention to appoint A. Wilson Greene 
and Katina P. Strauch as members of the National Museum and Library 
Services Board.