Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40 Issue 42 (Monday, October 18, 2004)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 40, Number 42 (Monday, October 18, 2004)]
[Pages 2412-2413]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 9

    In the morning, in St. Louis, MO, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he traveled to Waterloo, IA, where, upon arrival, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jim Glaza.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Chanhassen, MN, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Ken Porwoll. 
Later, he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, where he was 
joined by Mrs. Bush.

October 10

    In the evening, the President participated in a debate preparation 
session.

October 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Hobbs, NM, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Jamie Gaston.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Denver, CO, arriving 
in the afternoon. Upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Ashley Stieb.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Morrison, CO. 
Later, he returned to Denver, CO. While en route, he participated in a 
debate preparation session.

October 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Colorado Springs, CO, where, upon arrival, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteers Bob Carlone and Joe Henjum.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Paradise Valley, AZ, 
arriving in the afternoon. Upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Marcelo Chan.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Phoenix, AZ.
    Also in the afternoon, the President participated in debate 
preparation sessions.
    In the evening, the President participated in a debate preparation 
session. Later, he and Mrs. Bush, who joined the President earlier in 
the day, had dinner with Senator John McCain of Arizona and his wife, 
Cindy.

October 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Tempe, AZ. 
Later, they returned to Phoenix, AZ.

October 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Las Vegas, NV, where, upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Dick Cancellier.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Reno, NV, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Frank 
Schnorbus.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Central Point, OR, arriving in the evening. Upon arrival, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Lois Rodger.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Jacksonville, OR.

October 15

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Cedar 
Rapids, IA. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had an intelligence 
briefing. Upon arrival in Cedar Rapids, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Linda Peterson.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Oshkosh, WI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Jeff Kemp. Later, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a Victory 
2004 rally at the Experimental Aircraft Association Building.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate Darrell Irions 
and Dee J. Kelly, Jr., as members of the Board of Governors on the 
United Service Organizations, Inc.
    The President announced his intention to designate William A. 
Moorman as Acting Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for 
Management.

[[Page 2413]]