Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 52 (Monday, January 5, 2009)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 52 (Monday, January 5, 2009)]
[Pages 1593-1594]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 25

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

December 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

December 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia to discuss the 
situation in the Middle East.

December 29

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to discuss the situation in the Middle East. He 
then had an intelligence briefing. Later, he participated in a video 
teleconference with Vice President Dick Cheney, White House Chief of 
Staff Joshua B. Bolten, and National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley 
to discuss the situation in the Middle East and U.S. efforts to help 
reach a cease-fire.

December 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a video teleconference with Vice President Dick Cheney, White House 
Chief of Staff Joshua B. Bolten, and National Security Adviser Stephen 
J. Hadley to discuss the situation in the Middle East. Later, he had a 
telephone conversation with President Mohamed Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to 
discuss the situation in the Middle East.
    Later in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) and

[[Page 1594]]

Prime Minister Salam Fayyad of the Palestinian Authority to discuss the 
situation in the Middle East and their efforts to reach a ceasefire as 
well as U.S. humanitarian aid to the region.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to discuss the situation in the 
Middle East.

December 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of 
Israel to discuss the situation in the Middle East. He then had separate 
telephone conversations with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India and 
President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan to discuss the Mumbai terrorist 
attacks investigation and India-Pakistan relations.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome First Vice 
President of the Government of National Unity of Sudan and President of 
Southern Sudan Salva Kiir Mayardit to the White House on January 5, 
2009.

January 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Barack Obama.

January 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will host 
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon of the United Nations and his wife, Yoo 
(Ban) Soon-taek, for lunch at the White House on January 6, 2009.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm beginning on December 11 and continuing.