Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 45 Issue 1 (Monday, January 12, 2009)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 45, Number 1 (Monday, January 12, 2009)]
[Pages 28-29]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a dinner for the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff and combatant commanders. Later, he had a 
telephone conversation with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to 
discuss her January 6 trip to the United Nations.
    The President declared a major disaster in Hawaii and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from December 10-16.
    The President declared a major disaster in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by a severe winter storm and flooding beginning on December 
11 and continuing.

January 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, he 
and Mrs. Bush traveled to Fort Myer, VA, where they attended a military 
appreciation parade. Later, they returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a lunch for 
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon of the United Nations and his wife, Yoo 
(Ban) Soon-taek.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
congressional leaders.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Accra, Ghana, to attend the 
inauguration of President John Evans Atta Mills on January 7: Ronald A. 
Tschetter (head of delegation); Donald G. Teitelbaum; and R. Timothy 
Ziemer.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert D. McCallum, 
Jr., as a member of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Martin Faga as a 
member of the Public Interest Declassification Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Panel of Conciliators of the International 
Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes: James C. Boggs; William 
Burck; Ronald A. Cass; and Emmet Flood.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Fred F. Fieldein 
and Daniel M. Price as members of the Panel of Arbitrators of the 
International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Raymond Loretto and 
Virgil Trujillo as members of the Board of Directors of the Valles 
Caldera Trust.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Physical Fitness 
and Sports: David Allen Josserand (and, upon appointment, designate him 
as Chairman); Kirk M. Bauer (and, upon appointment, designate him as 
Vice Chairman); Steven Bornstein; Susan Lieberman Dell; Allyson Felix; 
Susan Finn; Diego Gutierrez; James W. Holsinger; Michelle Wing Kwan; 
Robert A. ``Bobby'' Labonte; Edward R. Laskowski; Elisha N. ``Eli'' 
Manning; David W. Marsh; Leslie E. ``Les'' Miles; Omar Minaya; Richard 
F. ``Digger'' Phelps; Ruth Riley; and Jason Sehorn.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council: Elliot 
Abrams; Joshua B. Bolten; Alan I. Casden; Michael Chertoff; William 
Danhof; Sanford Gottesman; Cheryl Feldman Halpern;

[[Page 29]]

J. David Heller; Amy Kaslow; M. Ronald Krongold; Michael B. Mukasey; and 
Daniel Silva.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sally K. Mason, 
Robert Y. Moore, and Henry Yang as members of the President's Committee 
on the National Medal of Science.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nancy Ann Starnes 
and Hans A. Van Winkle as members of the Architectural and 
Transportation Barriers Compliance Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Lynne A. Osmus as 
Acting Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration.
    The President announced his intention to designate Susan E. Dudley 
as Acting Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory 
Affairs at the Office of Management and Budget.

January 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and former President George H.W. Bush participated in an interview 
with Brit Hume of FOX News. Then, in the Oval Office, he met with 
President-elect Barack Obama.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with former Presidents Jimmy Carter, George H.W. 
Bush, and William J. Clinton and President-elect Barack Obama. Then, in 
the Private Dining Room, he hosted a lunch for the former Presidents and 
President-elect Obama. Later, at DAR Constitution Hall, he made remarks 
to Presidential appointees.

January 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where, at the General 
Philip Kearny School, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Adam 
Bruckner. They then visited several classrooms and met with students.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
roundtable discussion on the No Child Left Behind Act.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

January 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Bolling Club at Bolling Air Force Base, he visited with White 
House Communications Agency and White House Transportation Agency staff.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
a severe winter storm and flooding from December 11-29.