Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 45 Issue 2 (Monday, January 19, 2009)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 45, Number 2 (Monday, January 19, 2009)]
[Page 92]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Norfolk, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Naval Amphibious Base 
Little Creek, VA, where he met with U.S. Navy SEAL teams. Later, he 
traveled to Andrews Air Force Base, MD, where, in the Air Force One 
Hangar, he visited the Presidential Airlift Group. He then returned to 
Washington, DC.

January 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robin Hayes, Susan 
C. Schwab, and Richard J. Tubb as members of the Board of Visitors to 
the U.S. Air Force Academy.
    The President announced his intention to designate Patrick Ward as 
Acting Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy.

January 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared an emergency in the District of Columbia and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement the District's response efforts in 
support of the 56th Presidential Inauguration.

January 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President met with and made 
remarks to family members of U.S. service members killed in Afghanistan 
and Iraq.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm from December 11-18.

January 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the State Department, he met with Foreign Service officers and State 
Department employees.

January 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to designate Edwin Smiley 
Kneedler as Acting Solicitor General at the Department of Justice.