Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 33 (Monday, August 22, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 33 (Monday, August 22, 1994)]
[Pages 1680-1681]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter Accepting the Resignation of Jean Hanson as General Counsel of 
the Treasury Department

August 18, 1994

Dear Jean:

    I have your letter of August 18, tendering your resignation as 
General Counsel of the Department of the Treasury, and I accept your 
resignation effective on the confirmation of your successor.
    Secretary Bentsen tells me that you have performed your duties with 
great skill and devotion. You have my thanks for your valuable service 
to the nation, and my best wishes for your future legal career.
    Sincerely,
                                                  Bill Clinton

                              B___________
                              

Dear Mr. President:

    I am resigning today as General Counsel of the Treasury. My former 
law partners have asked me to rejoin them in the private practice of law 
in New York and I believe this is the right time to accept their offer, 
upon the effectiveness of my resignation. I understand that, with your 
concurrence, my resignation will take effect upon the confirmation of my 
successor.
    I was honored to be nominated by you and grateful for the 
opportunity to serve in your Administration. You have repeatedly 
demonstrated your willingness to tackle the difficult issues of our time 
and I admire your vital leadership. I consider myself fortunate

[[Page 1681]]

to have been able to work with, and for, Secretary Bentsen and Roger 
Altman.
    While the decision to leave government is not an easy one, I look 
forward to returning to New York to resume my personal and professional 
relationships there. I wish you well in your continued efforts and want 
you to know that my support for your policies and programs remains 
strong and resolute.
    With every best wish.
    Sincerely,
                                                Jean E. Hanson

Note: Ms. Hanson's letter of resignation to Secretary of the Treasury 
Lloyd Bentsen and the Secretary's letter of acceptance were also made 
available by the Office of the Press Secretary.