Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 33 (Monday, August 22, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 33 (Monday, August 22, 1994)]
[Pages 1690-1691]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 11\1\

    In an afternoon ceremony at the White House, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Erstein Mallet Edwards, St. 
Kitts and Nevis; Ekwow Spio-Garbrah, Ghana; Roberto Flores Bermudez, 
Honduras; Sonia Picado, Costa Rica; Snezhana Botusharova, Bulgaria; 
Pedro Luis Echeverria, Venezuela; Tuleutay Skakovich Suleymenov, 
Kazakhstan; John Biehl, Chile; and Yuliy Vorontsov, Russian Federation.
    \1\This announcement was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.

August 14

    In the morning, the President and Hillary and Chelsea Clinton 
traveled from Camp David, MD, to Temple Hills, MD, where they attended 
services at the Full Gospel A.M.E. Zion Church. The President and 
Hillary Clinton returned to Camp David, MD, in the afternoon.

August 15

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton returned to the 
White House from Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals to be members of the National Commission for Employment 
Policy:
    --Clayola Brown;
    --Warren Frelund;
    --Frank Garrison;
    --Edward Shumaker;
    --Arthur White.

[[Page 1691]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Alan Krueger as 
Chief Economist at the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gary Rodrigues and 
Lucy Williams to the Advisory Council on Unemployment Compensation.

August 16

    In the evening, the President met with Republican Members of 
Congress to discuss crime legislation. Later, the President had a 
telephone conversation with President Kim Yong-sam of South Korea.

August 17

    In the afternoon, the President met with Dr. C. Everett Koop. 
Following the meeting, the President had lunch with the Vice President.