Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 23 (Monday, June 13, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 23 (Monday, June 13, 1994)]
[Page 1210]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement by the Press Secretary on the President's Telephone 
Conversations With President Boris Yeltsin of Russia and President Kim 
Yong-sam of South Korea

June 3, 1994

    President Clinton spoke separately today with President Yeltsin and 
President Kim Yong-sam of the Republic of Korea, who is currently in 
Moscow. The topic of both calls was the current situation in North 
Korea.
    President Clinton told President Yeltsin that following the IAEA's 
report to the United Nations that the continuity of safeguards had been 
broken, the United States is pursuing the issue of sanctions in the 
United Nations Security Council. They discussed President Yeltsin's 
proposal that an international forum on the Korean situation be 
convened. President Clinton said that such a meeting might be 
appropriate at some point while underscoring the need first to return 
the North Korean nuclear issue to the United Nations Security Council. 
The two agreed to remain in close contact as the issue develops.
    In the conversation with President Kim, both Presidents agreed that 
the next step is to pursue the issue of sanctions in the United Nations 
Security Council. President Clinton reaffirmed the United States desire 
for a diplomatic resolution of this issue but emphasized the United 
States commitment to the security of the Republic of Korea. They, too, 
agreed to work closely together in addressing the issue.

Note: This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.