Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 30 (Monday, August 1, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 30 (Monday, August 1, 1994)]
[Pages 1578-1579]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Hot Springs, AR, to attend 
his high school class reunion.

July 24

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 25

    In the afternoon, the President hosted a working lunch for Prime 
Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel and King Hussein of Jordan at Blair 
House.

July 26

    In the evening, the President attended a fundraiser for Gov. Mario 
Cuomo of New York at the Sheraton Carlton.
    The White House announced the President has asked the Reverend Jesse 
Jackson to travel to Nigeria to convey the President's concerns over the 
absence of progress toward the restoration of civilian democracy there.

July 27

    In the morning, the President met with a group of chief executive 
officers.
    The President asked Secretary of Defense William Perry and Commander 
of U.S. Forces in Europe General George Joulwan to travel to Zaire and 
Uganda to inspect Rwandan refugee relief operations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Martin J. Dickman 
as Inspector General of the Railroad Retirement Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul Kaminski to 
be Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph F. Baca, 
Robert N. Baldwin, Jennifer Hauge, Florence K. Murray, and William M. 
Paparian as members of the State Justice Institute.

[[Page 1579]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to the Board of Directors of the Cooperation for National 
Service:
    --Andrea Brown;
    --Thomas Ehrlich;
    --Chris Evert;
    --Christopher Gallagher;
    --Teresa Heinz;
    --Christine Hernandez;
    --Reatha Clark King;
    --Carol Kinsley;
    --Leslie Lenkowsky;
    --Marlee Matlin;
    --Gerald McEntee;
    --Arthur Naparstek;
    --John Rother;
    --Walter Shorenstein.

July 29

    In the afternoon, the President met with American Legion Boys Nation 
representatives in the East Room.
    The President transmitted to the Congress requests for emergency 
fiscal year 1994 appropriations that would provide funds that would 
assist in the humanitarian relief efforts for refugees of hostilities in 
Rwanda.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gil Coronado as 
the first Hispanic Director of the Selective Service System.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bernard Hansen as 
Commissioner, George Frampton as Federal Government Commissioner, and 
David Dempsey as Alternate Commissioner to the Great Lakes Fishery 
Commission: United States Section.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
members of the Advisory Commission on Western Resources.

To serve as a member and Chair:

    Denise D. Fort

To serve as members:

    Bruce Babbitt
    Togo West
    Huali G. Chai
    Janet C. Neuman
    Jack Robertson
    Harriett M. Wieder
    John E. Echohawk
    Patrick O'Toole