Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 9 (Monday, March 7, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 9 (Monday, March 7, 1994)]
[Pages 426-427]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 6655--To Amend the Generalized System of Preferences

March 3, 1994

By the President of the United States

of America

A Proclamation

    1. Pursuant to sections 501 and 502 of the Trade Act of 1974, as 
amended (``Trade Act'') (19 U.S.C. 2461 and 2462), and having due regard 
for the eligibility criteria set forth therein, I have determined that 
it is appropriate to designate Ukraine as a beneficiary developing 
country for purposes of the Generalized System of Preferences (``GSP'').
    2. Section 604 of the Trade Act (19 U.S.C. 2483) authorizes the 
President to embody in

[[Page 427]]

the Harmonized Tariff Schedule (``HTS'') the substance of the provisions 
of that Act, and of other acts affecting import treatment, and actions 
thereunder.
    Now, Therefore, I, William J. Clinton, President of the United 
States of America, acting under the authority vested in me by the 
Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, including but 
not limited to sections 501 and 604 of the Trade Act, do proclaim that:
    (1) General note 4(a) to the HTS, listing those countries whose 
products are eligible for benefits of the GSP, is modified by inserting 
``Ukraine'' in alphabetical order in the enumeration of independent 
countries.
    (2) Any provisions of previous proclamations and Executive orders 
inconsistent with the provisions of this proclamation are hereby 
superseded to the extent of such inconsistency.
    (3) The modifications to the HTS made by paragraph (1) of this 
proclamation shall be effective with respect to articles that are: (i) 
imported on or after January 1, 1976, and (ii) entered, or withdrawn 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after 15 days after the date of 
publication of this proclamation in the Federal Register.
    In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this third day of 
March, in the year of our Lord nineteen hundred and ninety-four, and of 
the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and 
eighteenth.
                                            William J. Clinton

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 2:15 p.m., March 4, 
1993]

Note: This proclamation was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on March 4, and it will be published in the Federal Register 
on March 8.