Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 30 (Monday, August 1, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 30 (Monday, August 1, 1994)]
[Pages 1558-1559]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Aviation Insurance for Commercial Air Carrier Service

July 26, 1994

Presidential Determination No. 94-39

Memorandum for the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of State

Subject: Provision of Aviation Insurance Coverage for Commercial Air 
Carrier Service

    By virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws 
of the United States, including 3 U.S.C. 301 and 49 U.S.C. 44302, I 
hereby:
    (1) determine that continuation of authorized humanitarian relief 
air services to Haiti is necessary to carry out the foreign policy of 
the United States;
    (2) approve provision by the Secretary of Transportation of 
insurance against loss or damage arising out of any risk from the 
operation of an aircraft in the manner and to the extent provided in 49 
U.S.C. 44301-44310, whenever he determines that such insurance cannot be 
obtained on reasonable terms and conditions from any company authorized 
to conduct an insurance business in a State of the United States;
    (3) delegate to the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation 
with the Secretary of State, the authority vested in me by 49 U.S.C. 
44302(b), for purposes of responding to the current crisis in Haiti; and
    (4) delegate to the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation 
with the Secretary of State, the authority vested in me by 49 U.S.C. 
44306(b) for purposes of responding to the current crisis in Haiti.
    The Secretary of Transportation is directed to bring this 
determination immediately to the attention of all air carriers within 
the meaning of 49 U.S.C. 40102(a)(2), and to arrange for its publication 
in the Federal Register.
                                            William J. Clinton

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 2:39 p.m., July 27, 
1994]

Note: This memorandum was released by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on July 27, and it was published in the Federal Register on July 29.

[[Page 1559]]