Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 40 (Monday, October 10, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 40 (Monday, October 10, 1994)]
[Pages 1925-1926]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on Signing the Departments of Labor, Health and Human 
Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1995

September 30, 1994

    Today I have signed into law H.R. 4606, the ``Department of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies 
Appropriations Act, 1995.''
    This Act provides funding for the Departments of Labor, Health and 
Human Services, and Education; the Corporation for National and 
Community Service; the Corporation for Public Broadcasting; and several 
smaller agencies. Programs within these agencies address the training 
and employment needs of our Nation's work force, the Federal role in our 
education system, and fundamental elements of our health care network.
    This Act provides funding for a number of my high-priority 
investment proposals within the Departments of Labor, Health and Human 
Services, and Education, and the Corporation for National and Community 
Service. These include the Head Start program, Goals 2000 program, 
School-to-Work Opportunities program, dislocated workers assistance, 
education for the disadvantaged, AIDS treatment programs authorized 
under the Ryan White CARE Act, and the National Institutes of Health.
    I am pleased that the Act provides my full request for childhood 
immunizations. This program will ensure that all children who do not 
have health insurance coverage for immunizations have access to 
immunizations at the appropriate age.
    The Act provides funding for investment initiatives for automation 
and disability proc- 

[[Page 1926]]

essing within the Social Security Administration (SSA). This will help 
SSA improve the quality of service to millions of Americans.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
September 30, 1994.

Note: H.R. 4606, approved September 30, was assigned Public Law No. 103-
333. This statement was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
October 1.