Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 51 (Monday, December 26, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 51 (Monday, December 26, 1994)]
[Page 2525]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders Transmitting the Notice on Libya

December 22, 1994

Dear Mr. Speaker:  (Dear Mr. President:)

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice, stating that the Libyan emergency is to continue in 
effect beyond January 7, 1995, to the Federal Register for publication.
    The crisis between the United States and Libya that led to the 
declaration on January 7, 1986, of a national emergency has not been 
resolved. The Government of Libya refuses to comply with United National 
Security Council Resolutions 731, 748, and 883 calling upon it to 
demonstrate, by concrete actions, its renunciation of terrorism. Such 
Libyan actions and policies pose a continuing unusual and extraordinary 
threat to the national security and vital foreign policy interests of 
the United States. For these reasons, the national emergency declared on 
January 7, 1986, and the measures adopted on January 7 and January 8, 
1986, to deal with that emergency, must continue in effect beyond 
January 7, 1995.
    Sincerely,
                                            William J. Clinton

Note: Identical letters were sent to Thomas S. Foley, Speaker of the 
House of Representatives, and Albert Gore, Jr., President of the Senate. 
This letter was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
December 23.