Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 39 (Monday, October 3, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 39 (Monday, October 3, 1994)]
[Page 1909]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice on the Continuation of Emergency With Respect to Haiti

September 30, 1994

    On October 4, 1991, by Executive Order No. 12775, President Bush 
declared a national emergency to deal with the unusual and extraordinary 
threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the 
United States posed by the actions and policies of the de facto regime 
in Haiti, blocking all property and interests in property of the de 
facto regime and the Government of Haiti. President Bush took additional 
measures to prohibit trade and other transactions with Haiti by 
Executive Order No. 12779 of October 28, 1991, and to the same end I 
issued Executive Orders No. 12853 of June 30, 1993, No. 12872 of October 
18, 1993, No. 12914 of May 7, 1994, No. 12917 of May 21, 1994, No. 12920 
of June 10, 1994, and No. 12922 of June 21, 1994.
    Because the de facto regime in Haiti has not yet fulfilled its 
commitments under the Governors Island Agreement of July 3, 1993, by 
relinquishing power, and therefore continues to obstruct the restoration 
of democracy in Haiti, the national emergency declared on October 4, 
1991, and the measures adopted pursuant thereto to deal with that 
emergency, must continue in effect beyond October 4, 1994. Therefore, in 
accordance with section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 
U.S.C. 1622(d)), I am continuing the national emergency with respect to 
Haiti. This notice shall be published in the Federal Register and 
transmitted to the Congress.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
September 30, 1994.

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 12:02 p.m., September 
30, 1994]

Note: This notice was published in the Federal Register on October 3.