Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30 Issue 34 (Monday, August 29, 1994)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 30, Number 34 (Monday, August 29, 1994)]
[Pages 1715-1716]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 22

    The White House announced the President will attend the summit of 
the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Indonesia on November 14-
16. The President also has accepted the invitations of President Fidel 
Ramos of the Philippines for a state visit in Manila on November 13 and 
of President Soeharto of Indonesia for a state visit in Jakarta on 
November 16.

[[Page 1716]]

August 24

    The White House announced that President Nelson Mandela of South 
Africa has accepted the President's invitation to make a state visit to 
Washington, DC, October 4-6.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Yerker Andersson, 
Audrey McCrimmon, Debra Robinson, and Irving Zola as members of the 
National Council on Disability.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rhea L. Graham to 
be Director of the U.S. Bureau of Mines at the Department of the 
Interior.

August 26

    In the evening, the President and Hillary and Chelsea Clinton 
traveled to Martha's Vineyard, MA, for their vacation.
    The White House announced the President has nominated Gen. Ronald R. 
Fogelman, USAF, to be Chief of Staff of the Air Force.
    The White House announced the President has asked a delegation of 
Americans, headed by C. Payne Lucas, president of Africare, to travel on 
his behalf to Burundi, Rwanda, and eastern Zaire, August 27-31. The 
delegation will urge resolution of the political crisis in Burundi and 
review relief efforts for Rwandan refugees.