Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 42 (Monday, October 22, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 42 (Monday, October 22, 2001)]
[Pages 1513-1514]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 14

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

October 15

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Arlington, VA, and later 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Crown 
Prince Salman bin Hamad Al-Khalifa of Bahrain to the White House on 
October 25.

October 16

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister John Howard of Australia concerning cooperation against 
terrorism and the upcoming Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) 
meetings in Shanghai, China. Also in the morning, the President met with 
his National Security Council.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
Chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel of Austria in Washington, DC, on November 
1.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James T. Morris 
for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as U.S. Representative to 
the Food and Agricultural Organization.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James D. McGee to 
be Ambassador to Swaziland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eve Slater to be 
Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Health.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sally Stroup to be 
Assistant Secretary of Education for Postsecondary Education.

[[Page 1514]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Franz S. Leichter 
to be a member of the Federal Housing Finance Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Allan I. 
Mendelowitz to be a member of the Federal Housing Finance Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph Timothy 
Kelliher to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Samuel E. Ebbesen 
to be a member of the Board of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Collister Johnson, 
Jr., to be a member of the Board of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arthur E. Dewey to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugee, and Migration 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth Lawson to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Enforcement.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert H. Roswell 
to be Under Secretary of Health at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission for the Preservation of 
America's Heritage Abroad: Zvi Kestenbaum, Albert Glickman, Ari Storch, 
Daniel Lapin, Laura Raybin Miller, Vincent Obsitnik, and August B. Pust.

October 17

    In the morning, the President traveled to Sacramento, CA.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Travis Air Force Base. 
Later, he traveled to Shanghai, China, arriving in the afternoon of 
October 18.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India to Washington for an official 
working visit on November 9.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dale Klein to be 
Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Nuclear and Chemical and 
Biological Defense Programs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Samuel T. Mok to 
be Chief Financial Officer at the Department of Labor.

October 18

    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul A. Quander to 
be Director of the District of Columbia Offender Supervision, Defender 
and Court Services Agency.

October 19

    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Paul Gilman to 
be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for 
Research and Development.
    The President announced his intention to designate Richard A. Clarke 
as Chair of the President's Critical Infrastructure Protection Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Board on Radiation and Worker 
Health: Paul L. Zeimer, Henry Anderson, Roy Lynch DeHart, Sally Gadola, 
James M. Melius, Wanda Iris Munn, Robert W. Presley, and Gennevieve S. 
Roessler.