Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 29 (Monday, July 23, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 29 (Monday, July 23, 2001)]
[Pages 1072-1073]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 15

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to the 
White House. Later, he and Mrs. Bush hosted a tee-ball game on the South 
Lawn.

July 16

    The President announced his intention to nominate Marie T. Huhtala 
to be Ambassador to Malaysia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Ann Solberg 
to be Deputy Director of National Drug Control Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Scott M. Burns to 
be Deputy Director for State and Local Affairs in the Office of National 
Drug Control Policy.
    The President announced his designation of David Curtis Williams as 
Acting Inspector General of the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development.
    The President announced his nomination of Gen. John P. Jumper to be 
Chief of Staff of the Air Force.

July 17

    The President announced his intention to nominate Donna J. Hrinak to 
be Ambassador to Brazil.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation: 
John Nau, Bernadette Castro, Gov. Jane Dee Hull of Arizona, and Robert 
Young.

[[Page 1073]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Congressional-Executive Commission on the 
People's Republic of China: Grant D. Aldonas, Donald Cameron Findlay, 
Paula J. Dobriansky, Lorne W. Craner, and James Andrew Kelly.

July 18

    In the morning, the President met with Seeds of Peace program 
participants on the South Steps of the White House. Later, the President 
and Mrs. Bush traveled to London, United Kingdom, arriving in the 
evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cynthia Shepard 
Perry to be U.S. Director of the African Development Bank.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven A. Williams 
to be Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James B. Lockhart 
III to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harold Craig 
Manson to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Fish and Wildlife.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey D. Jarrett 
to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and 
Enforcement at the Department of the Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph M. Clapp to 
be Administrator of the Federal Motor Safety Administration at the 
Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark W. Everson to 
be Controller of the Office of Federal Financial Management in the 
Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John F. Wolf to be 
Assistant Secretary of State for Nonproliferation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Earl N. Phillips 
to be Ambassador to Barbados.

July 19

    In the morning, the President met with UK Conservative Party leader 
William Hague in the Gold Room at Winfield House, the residence of the 
U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain. Later, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an event for children in the Reading Room of the British 
Museum. The President then visited the Cabinet War Rooms museum.
    In the afternoon, following an arrival ceremony at Buckingham 
Palace, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a luncheon hosted by Queen 
Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom. Later, they went to Chequers, the 
British Prime Minister's country residence in Aylesbury, England, as 
guests of Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife, Cherie.
    In the evening, the President went to Royal Air Force Halton station 
and later returned to Chequers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald E. Neumann 
to be Ambassador to Bahrain.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linton F. Brooks 
to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation at the 
Department of Energy.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Benigno G. Reyna 
to be Director of the U.S. Marshals Service.

July 20

    In the morning, the President traveled to Genoa, Italy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John F. Turner to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International 
Environmental and Scientific Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to designate Glenn L. 
McCullough, Jr., as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee 
Valley Authority.