Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 39 (Monday, October 1, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 39 (Monday, October 1, 2001)]
[Pages 1391-1392]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted September 25

 Everet Beckner,

 of New Mexico, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs, 
National Nuclear Security Administration, vice Madelyn R. Creedon, 
resigned.

 Harold Daub,

 of Nebraska, to be a member of the Social Security Advisory Board for 
the remainder of the term expiring September 30, 2006, vice Mark A. 
Weinberger, resigned.

 Charles Lawrence Greenwood, Jr.,

 of Florida, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of 
service as Coordinator for Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC).

 Stephan Michael Minikes,

 of the District of Columbia, to be U.S. Representative to the 
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, with the rank of 
Ambassador.

[[Page 1392]]

 Cranston J. Mitchell,

 of Missouri, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years, vice Timothy Earl Jones, Sr.

 Wanda L. Nesbitt,

 of Pennsylvania, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Madagascar.

 Edward F. Reilly,

 of Kansas, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years (reappointment).

 Gerald Reynolds,

 of Missouri, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of 
Education, vice Norma V. Cantu, resigned.

 Mary L. Walker,

 of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air 
Force, vice Jeh Charles Johnson.

 Steven A. Williams,

 of Kansas, to be Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, vice 
Jamie Rappaport Clark.

 Drew Howard Wrigley,

 of North Dakota, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of North Dakota 
for the term of 4 years, vice John Thomas Schneider, resigned.
 Withdrawn September 25

 Donald R. Schregardus,

 of Ohio, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency, vice Steven Alan Herman, resigned, which was sent to 
the Senate on September 4, 2001.