Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 37 (Monday, September 17, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 37 (Monday, September 17, 2001)]
[Pages 1313-1315]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 10

    In the morning, the President went to the Washington Navy Yard, and 
he later returned to the White House.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Jacksonville, FL. Later, 
he traveled to

[[Page 1314]]

the Colony Beach & Tennis Resort on Longboat Key, FL.

September 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Sarasota, FL. Later, after 
receiving news of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center in New 
York City, he traveled to Barksdale Air Force Base, LA. While en route 
aboard Air Force One, he had telephone conversations with the Vice 
President, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, and Laura Bush 
concerning the attacks. Following his arrival, he had telephone 
conversations with the Vice President, Secretary Rumsfeld, and Senator 
Charles Schumer of New York concerning the attacks.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Offutt Air Force Base, 
NE. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had telephone conversations 
with Gov. George Pataki of New York and New York City Mayor Rudy 
Giuliani concerning the attacks. Following his arrival, he participated 
in a teleconference with his national security team.
    Later, the President returned to Washington, DC. While en route 
aboard Air Force One, he had telephone conversations with former 
President George Bush and Laura Bush. The President also had a telephone 
conversation with Solicitor General Ted Olson to express his condolences 
over the death of Mr. Olson's wife, Barbara, who was aboard American 
Airlines Flight 77 when it was hijacked and crashed into the Pentagon.
    In the evening, the President met with his national security team.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by fires and explosions on September 11.

September 12

    In the morning, the President had telephone conversations with Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom and Prime Minister Jean 
Chretien of Canada. He then met with congressional leaders concerning 
the September 11 terrorist attacks.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Pentagon in 
Arlington, VA. Later, he returned to the White House.
    During the day, the President had telephone conversations with 
President Jacques Chirac of France, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of 
Germany, President Jiang Zemin of China, and twice with President 
Vladimir Putin of Russia.

September 13

    In the morning, the President had telephone conversations with Prime 
Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of 
Italy, NATO Secretary General Lord Robertson, and Crown Prince Abdullah 
of Saudi Arabia concerning the September 11 terrorist attacks.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Members of Congress from 
the Virginia and New York areas to discuss Federal efforts to help 
victims of the attacks.
    The President had a telephone conversation with President Hosni 
Mubarak of Egypt concerning the terrorist attacks.
    The White House announced that on September 12 the President 
declared an emergency in Virginia and ordered Federal aid to supplement 
Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the area struck by fires and 
explosions on September 11.

September 14

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New York City. Later, he 
met with volunteers and rescueworkers at the Jacob Javits Convention 
Center.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate JoAnn Johnson to 
be a Board Member of the National Credit Union Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tammy Dee 
McCutchen to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Shirlee Bowne to 
be a member of the Federal Housing Finance Board, and upon confirmation, 
she will be designated Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to designate Dennis Earl 
Dollar to be Chairman of the National Credit Union Administration.

[[Page 1315]]

    The President announced his intention to designate Everett Alvarez, 
Jr., to be Chairman of the Board of Regents of the Uniformed Services 
University of the Health Sciences.