Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 22 (Monday, June 4, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 22 (Monday, June 4, 2001)]
[Pages 839-841]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 26

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

May 28

    In the morning, the President traveled to Arlington, VA. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC, and later traveled to Mesa, 
AZ, and Los Angeles, CA.

May 29

    In the morning, the President traveled to Camp Pendleton, CA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Los Angeles, CA, where 
he met with Gov. Gray Davis of California at the Century Plaza Hotel & 
Spa to discuss California's energy shortage.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Sequoia National Park, CA.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rebecca O. 
Campoverde to be Assistant Secretary of Education for Legislative and 
Congressional Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Henrietta Holsman 
Fore to be Director of the Mint.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dionel M. Aviles 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Financial Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William A. Eaton 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for Administration.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan for a working visit in Washington, 
DC, on June 30.

May 30

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George G. Williams 
to be Assistant

[[Page 840]]

Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Otto Wolff to be 
Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Administration and Chief Financial 
Officer of the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Mysliwy 
Conlin to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Trade and Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael W. Wynne 
to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane K. Morales 
to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Logistics and Materiel 
Readiness.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William A. Navas, 
Jr., to be Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Manpower and Reserve 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert C. Bonner 
to be Commissioner of Customs at the Department of the Treasury.
    The President announced that he has designated Edward F. Reilly to 
be Chairman of the U.S. Parole Commission.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Boston, 
MA, to attend the funeral service for Representative John Joseph Moakley 
on June 1.

May 31

    The President made additional disaster assistance available to North 
Dakota for rebuilding public facilities damaged by severe storms, 
flooding, and ground saturation on April 5-August 12, 2000.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alex Azar III to 
be General Counsel of the Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Theresa Alvillar-
Speake to be Director of the Office of Minority Economic Impact in the 
Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sharee M. Freeman 
to be Director of the Community Relations Service in the Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bruce Cole to be 
Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger Francisco 
Noriega to be U.S. Permanent Representative to the Organization of 
American States, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ross J. Connelly 
to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia deStacy 
Harrison to be Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kirk Van Tine to 
be General Counsel of the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ellen G. Engleman 
to be Administrator of the Research and Special Programs Administration 
at the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sheila C. Bair to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Financial Institutions.

June 1

    In the morning, the President traveled to Boston, MA, to attend the 
funeral service for Representative John Joseph Moakley. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Juan Carlos 
Benitez to be Special Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair Employment 
Practices.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janet Rehnquist to 
be Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carole L. Brookins 
to be U.S. Executive Director of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.

[[Page 841]]