Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 23 (Monday, June 11, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 23 (Monday, June 11, 2001)]
[Pages 869-871]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 3

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC, where he and Mrs. Bush hosted a tee-ball game on the 
South Lawn.

[[Page 870]]

June 4

    In the morning, the President traveled to Everglades National Park, 
FL.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Miami, FL, where he met 
with the Most Rev. John Clement Favalora, Archbishop of Miami. Later, he 
traveled to Tampa, FL.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Laurie Rich to be 
Assistant Secretary of Education for Intergovernmental and Interagency 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frances P. 
Maniella to be Director of the National Park Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick M. Cronin 
to be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development for Policy and Program Coordination.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and landslides beginning May 15 and 
continuing.

June 5

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.

June 6

    In the morning, the President traveled to Bedford, VA, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick Francis 
Kennedy to be U.S. Representative to the United Nations for U.N. 
Management and Reform, with the rank of Ambassador.

June 7

    In the morning, the President participated in a telephone interview 
with the Omaha World-Herald from the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Thomas 
Schieffer to be Ambassador to Australia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy Jo Powell to 
be Ambassador to Ghana.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas J. Miller 
to be Ambassador to Greece.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael E. Guest 
to be Ambassador to Romania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Parker to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Reginald Jude 
Brown to be Assistant Secretary of the Army for Manpower and Reserve 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald M. Sega to 
be Director of Defense Research and Engineering.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Josefina Carbonell 
to be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Aging.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kevin Kennedy to 
be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development for the Bureau of Humanitarian Response.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Laura E. Kennedy 
to be Ambassador to Turkmenistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John P. Stenbit to 
be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Command, Control, Communications, 
and Intelligence.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Judith Elizabeth 
Ayres to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency for International Activities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jo Anne Barnhart 
to be a Commissioner of Social Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claude M. 
Kicklighter to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Policy and 
Planning.
    The White House announced that the President has invited President 
John Kufuor of Ghana, President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal, and President 
Alpha Oumar Konare of Mali to the Oval Office for a working visit on 
June 28.

[[Page 871]]

June 8

    In the morning, the President traveled to Dallas Center, IA, and 
later, traveled to Omaha, NE, where he threw the first pitch at the 
College World Series Game 1.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan Schmidt Bies 
to be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
representing the Seventh District.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Miguel Angel Rodriguez of Costa Rica on July 13.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Alfonso Portillo of Guatemala at the White House on July 5.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Chok Tong Goh of Singapore on June 11.