Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 31 (Monday, August 6, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 31 (Monday, August 6, 2001)]
[Pages 1132-1133]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 30

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted an ``In 
Performance at the White House'' program in the East Room, which was 
videotaped for television broadcast on September 6.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Emil H. Frankel to 
be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Transportation Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Read Van de Water 
to be Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Aviation and 
International Affairs.

[[Page 1133]]

July 31

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation from the 
Oval Office with King Abdullah II of Jordan concerning the continued 
violence in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President attended a Senate Republican Policy 
Committee luncheon at the Capitol.
    In an afternoon ceremony in the Oval Office, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Serge Mombouli of the Republic 
of the Congo, Wolfgang Ischinger of Germany, Izben Williams of St. Kitts 
and Nevis, and Ellsworth I.A. John of St. Vincent and the Grenadines.

August 1

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
from the Oval Office with Prime Ministers Tony Blair of the United 
Kingdom and Bertie Ahern of Ireland concerning the Northern Ireland 
peace process.
    Later, the President had a telephone conversation from the Oval 
Office with President Fernando de la Rua of Argentina concerning 
Argentina's economy.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Arlington, VA, where he 
attended meetings at the Pentagon concerning Defense Department reviews, 
and later returned to Washington, DC.

August 2

    The President announced his intention to nominate Pamela Hyde Smith 
to be Ambassador to Moldova.

August 3

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan congratulating the Prime 
Minister on his upper house electoral victory. Later, he had separate 
telephone conversations with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United 
Kingdom and President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain concerning Argentina's 
economy.
    The White House announced that the President will participate in a 
Habitat for Humanity building project in Waco, TX, next week.