Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 3 (Monday, January 22, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 3 (Monday, January 22, 2001)]
[Pages 193-194]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders Reporting on Actions Concerning Digital 
Computer Exports

January 18, 2001

Dear __________ :

    In accordance with the provisions of section 1211(d) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105-85), I 
hereby notify you of my decision to establish a new level for the 
notification procedure for digital computers set forth in section 
1211(a) of Public Law 105-85. The new level will be 85,000 millions of 
theoretical operations per second (MTOPS). In accordance with the 
provisions of section 1211(e), I hereby notify you of my decision to 
remove Lithuania from the list of countries covered under section 
1211(b). The attached report provides the rationale supporting these 
decisions and fulfills the requirements of Public Law 105-85, sections 
1211(d) and (e).

[[Page 194]]

    I have also directed the Secretary of Commerce to adjust the 
licensing requirements for Tier 2 and Tier 3 countries. The countries in 
Tier 2 will be added to Tier 1, and Tier 2 will be abolished. In 
addition, the new level above which an individual license will be 
required for exports to Tier 3 countries is 85,000 MTOPS. The 
aforementioned licensing adjustments will take place immediately.
    I have made all of these changes based on the recommendation of the 
Departments of Defense, Commerce, State, and Energy.
     Sincerely,
                                            William J. Clinton

Note: Letters were sent to Carl Levin, chairman, Senate Committee on 
Armed Services; Paul S. Sarbanes, chairman, Senate Committee on Banking, 
Housing, and Urban Affairs; Benjamin A. Gilman, chairman, House 
Committee on International Relations; and Floyd Spence, chairman, House 
Committee on Armed Services. This letter was released by the Office of 
the Press Secretary on January 19. An original was not available for 
verification of the content of this letter.