Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 34 (Monday, August 27, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 34 (Monday, August 27, 2001)]
[Pages 1219-1220]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 20

    In the morning, the President traveled to Milwaukee, WI. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister Jean Chretien of Canada.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Menomonee Falls, WI. 
Later, he traveled to Kansas City, MO.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward R. 
McPherson to be Chief Financial Officer of the Department of 
Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sandra L. Pack to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Army for Financial Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Thomas Korsmo 
to be a member of the Federal Housing Finance Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Michael Cox to 
be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Disabled Employment Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William J. Hybl to 
be U.S. Representative to the General Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger P. Winter to 
be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development for the Bureau of Humanitarian Response.

[[Page 1220]]

August 21

    In the morning, the President traveled to Independence, MO. Later, 
he traveled to Kansas City, MO. He then returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

August 22

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vicente Fox of Mexico.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raymond Burghardt 
to be Ambassador to Vietnam.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Donald Cappoccia 
and Pamela Nelson as members of the Commission on Fine Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission on the Future of the U.S. 
Aerospace Industry: Buzz Aldrin, Michael Bolen, Neil DeGrasse Tyson, 
Robert Walker, Heidi R. Wood, and John W. Douglas.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit 
Guaranty Corporation: Matthew Fong, Barry Wynn, and Betsy Atkins.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Cheryl Feldman 
Halpern as a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for 
Public Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert Martin as 
Acting Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts.

August 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Waco, TX. Later, he 
returned to Crawford, TX, where he had a telephone conversation with 
President Fernando de la Rua of Argentina concerning the Argentine 
economy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margaret K. 
McMillion to be Ambassador to Rwanda.
    The President announced his intention to designate Terrence S. 
Donahue as Acting Administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and 
Delinquency Prevention.

August 24

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals to the President's Advisory Commission on Asian Americans 
and Pacific Islanders: John B. Tsu, Lupo Carlota, David B. Cohen, Mary 
Ling, Barbara Marumoto, Gary K. Ong, Sunny Park, Amata Coleman 
Radewagen, Jhoon Rhee, Michelle Park Steel, Joe Ting, Chiling Tong, 
Baoky N. Vu, and Zachariah Zachariah.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Pittsburgh, PA, on August 26 and San Antonio, TX, on August 29.