Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 32 (Monday, August 13, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 32 (Monday, August 13, 2001)]
[Pages 1148-1149]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Terrorist Bombing in Jerusalem

August 9, 2001

    I deplore and strongly condemn the terrorist bombing in downtown 
Jerusalem today. My heartfelt sympathies and those of the American 
people are with the victims of this terrible tragedy and their families.
    Nothing is gained through cowardly acts such as this. The deliberate 
murder of innocent civilians is abhorrent to all, a threat to peace, and 
inconsistent with the parties' signed agreements to put aside violence. 
Palestinian Authority Chairman Arafat must condemn this horrific 
terrorist attack, act now to arrest and bring to justice those 
responsible, and take immediate, sustained action to prevent future 
terrorist attacks.
    I urge the parties to return immediately to the cease-fire 
commitments they have previously made and to renew effective security 
cooperation so this kind of terrorism will not happen again. The United 
States stands ready to assist the parties in this effort, as it has in 
the past, but the effort must begin with the parties acting to fulfill 
their obligations under the Tenet work plan.
    The United States remains committed to implementation in all its 
elements of the Mitchell Committee Report, which provides

[[Page 1149]]

a path to return to peace negotiations based on United Nations Security 
Council Resolutions 242, 338, and the Madrid Conference. To get to 
Mitchell, the parties need to resume effective security cooperation and 
work together to stop terrorism and violence.
    I call upon the leaders of the Palestinian Authority and Israel to 
demonstrate foresight and responsibility by choosing the path toward a 
better future for their people.