Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 50 (Monday, December 17, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 50 (Monday, December 17, 2001)]
[Pages 1796-1797]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted December 10

 Christopher James Christie,

 of New Jersey, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey for 
the term of 4 years, vice Faith S. Hochberg, resigned.
 Submitted December 11

 James Duane Dawson,

 of West Virginia, to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of West 
Virginia for the term of 4 years, vice Charles M. Adkins.

 William Carey Jenkins,

 of Louisiana, to be U.S. Marshal for the Middle District of Louisiana 
for the term of 4 years, vice Ronald Joseph Boudreaux, resigned.

 Dwight MacKay,

 of Montana, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Montana for the term 
of 4 years, vice William Stephen Strizich, resigned.

 Ronald Richard McCubbin, Jr.,

 of Kentucky, to be U.S. Marshal for the Western District of Kentucky 
for the term of 4 years, vice E. Douglas Hamilton.

 David Reid Murtaugh,

 of Indiana, to be U.S. Marshal for the Northern District of Indiana for 
the term of 4 years, vice Michael D. Carrington.

 Raymond L. Orbach,

 of California, to be Director of the Office of Science, Department of 
Energy, vice Mildred Spiewak Dresselhaus.
 Submitted December 13

 Andrea G. Barthwell,

 of Illinois, to be Deputy Director for Demand Reduction, Office of 
National Drug Control Policy, vice Fred W. Garcia, resigned.

 Nehemiah Flowers,

 of Mississippi, to be U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of 
Mississippi for the term of 4 years, vice Eisenhower Durr.

 Arthur Jeffrey Hedden,

 of Tennessee, to be U.S Marshal for the Eastern District of Tennessee 
for the term of 4 years, vice Joseph Clyde Fowler, Jr.

 Robert B. Holland III,

 of Texas, to be U.S. Alternate Executive Director of the International 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of 2 years, vice 
Michael Marek, term expired.

 David Glenn Jolley,

 of Tennessee, to be U.S. Marshal for the Western District of Tennessee 
for the term of 4 years, vice Wesley Joe Wood.

 John Magaw,

 of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Security for a 
term of 5 years (new position).

 Dennis Cluff Merrill,

 of Oregon, to be U.S. Marshal for the District of Oregon for the term 
of 4 years, vice Reginald B. Madsen, resigned.

[[Page 1797]]

 Michael Wade Roach,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. Marshal for the Western District of Oklahoma 
for the term of 4 years, vice Patrick J. Wilkerson.

 Eric Eugene Robertson,

 of Washington, to be U.S. Marshal for the Western District of 
Washington for the term of 4 years, vice Rosa Maria Melendez, resigned.