Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 41 (Monday, October 15, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 41 (Monday, October 15, 2001)]
[Pages 1470-1471]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 6

    In the evening, the President had telephone conversations from Camp 
David, MD, with congressional leaders.

October 7

    In the morning, the President traveled to Emmitsburg, MD, and then 
to Washington, DC.

October 8

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Helen Clark of New Zealand, President Kim Dae-jung 
of South Korea, and President Jiang Zemin of China. Also in the morning, 
the President met with his National Security Council.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy for a working visit on October 15.

[[Page 1471]]

October 9

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal concerning cooperation against 
terrorism. Also in the morning, the President met with his National 
Security Council.
    During the day, the President met with Members of Congress 
concerning peace efforts in Macedonia and the Middle East and the U.S. 
response to terrorism.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome NATO 
Secretary General Lord Robertson for a meeting on October 10.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Don Q. Washington 
to be Ambassador to the Fiji Islands, Nauru, and Tonga and Tuvalu.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jeannemarie Arajona 
Devolites to be a director of the Board of Directors for the Student 
Loan Marketing Association.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mary Jane Fate to 
be the Indigenous Representative to the Arctic Research Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Louis Mead 
Treadwell to be the Academic Representative to the Arctic Research 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Manuel J. Justiz to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Federal National Mortgage 
Association.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Edward G. Lewis to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the National Veterans Business 
Development Corporation.

October 10

    In the morning, the President met with congressional leaders, and 
later, he met with his National Security Council.
    In an afternoon ceremony, the President received diplomatic 
credentials from Ambassadors Christian Blikenstorfer of Switzerland, 
Nguyen Tam Chien of Vietnam, Shaikh Salem Abdullah Al-Jaber Al-Sabah of 
Kuwait, Jules Ogouebandja of Gabon, Shaikh Khalifa Ali Al-Khalifa of 
Bahrain, Osman Faruk Logoglu of Turkey, Martin Palous of the Czech 
Republic, Jukka Robert Valtasaari of Finland, and Henry Lothar Illes of 
Suriname.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Gloria Macapago-Arroyo of the Philippines to Washington on November 20.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Naneen H. Neubohn 
to be U.S. Executive Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development.

October 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Arlington, VA. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.

October 12

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan to congratulate him on 
winning the Nobel Peace Prize.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher 
Bancroft Burnham to be Chief Financial Officer at the Department of 
State.
    The President announced the designation of Thomas E. White as Acting 
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity 
Conflict.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and a tornado on August 17-18.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Thaksin Chinnawat of Thailand to Washington on November 30.