Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 50 (Monday, December 17, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 50 (Monday, December 17, 2001)]
[Pages 1794-1796]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1795]]



December 8

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to New Windsor, 
MD, and later to Camp David, MD.

December 9

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the National 
Building Museum to participate in ``Christmas in Washington,'' a 
television production which will air at 8 p.m. on December 16. In the 
evening, they returned to the White House.

December 10

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with his National Security Council. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a children's story hour in the East Room, where they 
read to first graders from Hoffman-Boston Elementary School in 
Arlington, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President met with members of the 2001 NCAA 
men's wrestling champion University of Minnesota Gophers in the 
Diplomatic Reception Room.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with Jewish leaders. He 
and Mrs. Bush then met with White House staff members and their families 
for a Hanukkah celebration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Magaw to be 
Under Secretary of Transportation for Security.

December 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Charleston, SC. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to Washington on December 21.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Raymond L. Orbach 
to be Director of the Office of Science at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathleen P. Utgoff 
to be Commissioner of Labor Statistics at the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter Charles 
DeShazo for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure as head of the U.S. 
delegation to the Inter-American Council for Integral Development.

December 12

    In the morning, the President had a breakfast meeting with 
congressional leaders to discuss proposed economic stimulus legislation. 
Later, he had intelligence and FBI briefings and met with his National 
Security Council.
    In an afternoon ceremony at the White House, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Mohamedou Ould Michel of 
Mauritania; Anare Jale of Fiji; Sakthip Krairiksh of Thailand; and 
Nikola Dimitrov of Macedonia. Later, he attended a diplomatic corps 
holiday reception at Blair House.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert B. Holland 
to be U.S. Alternate Executive Director of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on Disability: Lex 
Frieden, Chairperson; Jacqueline Kelly Collamore; Carol Hughes; Barbara 
Gillcrist; Graham Hill; Patricia Pound; Robert Davila; Young Woo Kang; 
Stephanie Smith Lee; and Kathleen Martinez.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council of Advisors on Science 
and Technology: Charles Joel Arntzen; Norman R. Augustine; Carol Ann 
Bartz; M. Kathleen Behrens; Erich Bloch; Stephen B. Burke; Gerald Wayne 
Clough; Michael S. Dell; Raul Fernandez; Marye Anne Fox; Martha Diane 
Winters Gilliland; Ralph E. Gomory; Bernadine Patricia Healy; Robert 
John Herbold; Barbara Kilberg; Walter Eugene Massey; Gordon E. Moore; 
Kenneth Nwabueze; Steven Gerald Papermaster; Luiz M. Proenza; George 
Martin Scalise; and Charles M. Vest.

December 13

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Jiang Zemin of China concerning the U.S. decision to withdraw 
from the ABM Treaty. The President also had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of

[[Page 1796]]

India to express his condolences concerning the armed attack on the 
Indian Parliament in New Delhi earlier in the day.
    During the day, the President had telephone conversations with 
Democratic Senators concerning proposed economic stimulus legislation.

December 14

    In the morning, the President had intelligence and FBI briefings and 
then met with his National Security Council. Later, he met with Members 
of Congress concerning textiles and textile workers.
    During the day, the President received treatment at the White House 
physician's office for the removal of skin lesions on his face.