Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 43 (Monday, October 29, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 43 (Monday, October 29, 2001)]
[Pages 1556-1557]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 22

    In the morning, the President returned from Shanghai, China, to 
Washington, DC, crossing the international date line to arrive in the 
morning of October 22.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Director of Homeland 
Security Tom Ridge concerning ongoing terrorist anthrax mail attacks.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane Lenegan Tomb 
to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Public 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ned L. Seigel to 
be a member of the Board of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter B. Teets to 
be Under Secretary of the Air Force.

October 23

    In the morning, the President met with congressional leaders, and 
later, met with his National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Foreign Minister Shimon 
Peres of Israel and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice 
concerning peace efforts in the Middle East.

October 24

    In the morning, the President met with his National Security 
Council. Also in the morning, he met with the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and 
later with Members of Congress and Director of Homeland Security Tom 
Ridge.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Glen Burnie, MD, and 
later returned to the White House.

October 25

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Crown Prince Abdullah Ibn Abdul Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia concerning 
cooperation against terrorism. Later, he met with his National Security 
Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Members of Congress and 
Director of Homeland Security Tom Ridge. Later, he met in the Oval 
Office with Crown Prince Shaikh Salman bin Hamad Al-Khalifa of Bahrain. 
Also in the afternoon, he met in the Roosevelt Room with members of the 
Republican Governors Association.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jose Maria Aznar of Spain for a working visit on November 28.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria to Washington for a meeting on November 2.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Darryl N. Johnson 
to be Ambassador to Thailand.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Antonio Andrade to 
be a member of the Advisory Board on Radiation and Worker Health.

October 26

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder of 
Germany, and President Jacques Chirac of France concerning the war 
against terrorism. Also in the morning, the President met separately 
with his National Security Council and with Attorney

[[Page 1557]]

General John Ashcroft, Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Robert 
S. Mueller III, and Director of the Office of Homeland Security Tom 
Ridge to discuss the latest developments in the war against terrorism.
    In the afternoon, the President and the First Lady traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lawrence A. 
Greenfield to be Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics of the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard M. Russell 
to be Associate Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dan Gregrory Blair 
to be Deputy Director of the Office of Personnel Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Morrison 
Combs to be Chief Financial Officer of the Environmental Protection 
Agency.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes on October 9-10.