Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 13 (Monday, April 2, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 13 (Monday, April 2, 2001)]
[Pages 557-558]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 26

    In the morning, the President traveled to Kansas City, MO, and in 
the afternoon, he traveled to Billings, MT.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Richard 
Blankenship to be Ambassador to the Bahamas.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Howard H. Leach to 
be Ambassador to France.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Vicki A. Bailey to 
be Assistant Secretary of Energy for International Affairs and Domestic 
Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald Rosenfeld 
to be President of the Government National Mortgage Association.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jon M. Huntsman to 
be Deputy U.S. Trade Representative.
    The President announced his intention to nominate former Senator 
Howard Baker, Jr., to be Ambassador to Japan.

March 27

    In the morning, the President traveled to Kalamazoo, MI, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nora Mead Brownell 
to be a Commissioner of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick Henry Wood 
III to be a Commissioner of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Clark Kent Ervin 
to be Inspector General of the Department of State.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Leo S. Mackay, 
Jr., to be Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

March 28

    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark B. McClellan 
to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John E. Robson to 
be President of the Export-Import Bank.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anna Maria Farias 
to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Fair 
Housing and Equal Opportunity.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Earl Floyd Kvamme 
to be Cochair and member of the President's Committee of Advisers on 
Science and Technology.

March 29

    The President announced his intention to nominate Grant D. Aldonas 
to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Gerry 
Myers III to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John F. Manning to 
be Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Shinae Chun to be 
Director of the Women's Bureau of the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carl W. Ford to be 
Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeanne L. Phillips 
to be Representative of the U.S. to the Organization for Economic 
Cooperation and Development with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced the designation of Larry Massanari as Acting 
Commissioner of the Social Security Administration.

March 30

    In the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robin L. Higgins 
to be Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Memorial Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Carlos M. Ramirez 
as Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the International

[[Page 558]]

Boundary and Water Commission for the U.S. and Mexico.