Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 40 (Monday, October 8, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 40 (Monday, October 8, 2001)]
[Pages 1424-1425]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted October 2

 Lyons Brown, Jr.,

 of Kentucky, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Austria.

 Charles Curie,

 of Pennsylvania, to be Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental 
Health Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, 
vice Nelba R. Chavez, resigned.

 David R. Dugas,

 of Louisiana, to be U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana 
for the term of 4 years, vice Lezin Joseph Hymel, Jr., resigned.

 Cameron R. Hume,

 of New York, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of South Africa.

 Eric M. Javits,

 of New York, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as 
U.S. Representative to the Conference on Disarmament.

 Patrick Francis Kennedy,

 of Illinois, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Career Minister, to be Alternate Representative of the United States of 
America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations 
during his tenure of service as Representative of the United States of 
America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform.

 David E. O'Meilia,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Oklahoma 
for the term of 4 years, vice Stephen Charles Lewis, resigned.

 Michael Smith,

 of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Fossil Energy), 
vice Robert Wayne Gee.

[[Page 1425]]

 Clifford M. Sobel,

 of New Jersey, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
 Submitted October 3

 Sichan Siv,

 of Texas, to be Representative of the United States of America on the 
Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of 
Ambassador.

 Gaddi H. Vasquez,

 of California, to be Director of the Peace Corps, vice Mark L. 
Schneider, resigned.