Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 28 (Monday, July 16, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 28 (Monday, July 16, 2001)]
[Pages 1037-1039]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 7

    The White House announced that the President declared a major 
disaster in Montana and ordered Federal aid to supplement State and 
local recovery efforts in the area struck by severe winter storms on 
June 3-14.

July 8

    In the evening, the President returned from Kennebunkport, ME, to 
Washington, DC.

July 9

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fairfax, VA, and later 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jack Martin to be 
Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joan E. Ohl to be 
Commissioner of Children, Youth, and Families within the Department of 
Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Melody H. Fennel 
to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for 
Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frederico Juarbe, 
Jr., to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans' Employment and 
Training.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the Commodity 
Credit Corporation: Mark Edward Rey, Eric M. Bost, James R. Moseley, 
Joseph J. Jen, Thomas C. Dorr, J.B. Penn, and William Hawks.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee: Daniel P. Burnham, Joseph Paul 
Nacchio, Van B. Honeycutt, Clay M. Jones, David Michael Cote, F. Duane 
Ackerman, Herbert W. Anderson, Donald Joseph Obert, and Bernard John 
Ebbers.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as Directors of the Board of Directors for the Student Loan 
Marketing Association: Colin R. McMillan, Catherine L. Hanaway, Mary K.

[[Page 1038]]

Bush, Cory T. Shade, Kathleen MacLellan Gregg, and Sara Alicia Tucker.

July 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation to 
congratulate 2001 Wimbledon women's singles champion Venus Williams from 
the Oval Office. Later, he traveled to New York City, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark W. Olson to 
be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Elsa A. Murano to 
be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food Safety.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jay S. Bybee to be 
Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel.

July 11

    In the afternoon, the President met with Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region Chief Executive Chee-Hwa (C.H.) Tung in the 
Residence at the White House.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William D. 
Montgomery to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Clifford G. Bond 
to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mario P. Fiori to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Army for Installations and Environment.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary E. Peters to 
be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mauricio J. 
Tamargo to be Chairman of the Federal Claims Settlement Commission of 
the United States at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles Curie to 
be Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services 
Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Baxter to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert V. Royall 
to be Ambassador to Tanzania.

July 12

    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael P. 
Socarras to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric M. Javits to 
be U.S. Representative to the Conference on Disarmament, with the rank 
of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles Lester 
Pritchard to be Special Envoy for Four-Party Talks, with the rank of 
Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Federal National 
Mortgage Association: William Robert Harvey, Molly Hering Bordonaro, 
Taylor C. Segue III, and Victor Henderson Ashe.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the American Battlefield Monuments Commission: 
Paul X. Kelly, Frederick M. Franks, Jr., Julius E. Becton, Patrick H. 
Brady, Antonio Lopez, Alan K. Simpson, Joseph E. Persico, Tom Ridge, 
Will H. Tankersley, Sue E. Turner, and Sara A. Sellers.
    The President announced his appointment of Annabelle Thompson 
Lockhart as Acting Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division at the 
Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert W. Jordan 
to be Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
    The White House announced that the President declared a major 
disaster in Virginia and ordered Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth 
and local recovery efforts in the area struck by severe storms and 
flooding on July 8-10.

July 13

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Baltimore, MD, and later 
to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President sent a message of 
support to President Fernando de la Rua of Argentina concerning 
Argentina's economic situation.

[[Page 1039]]