Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 38 (Monday, September 24, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 38 (Monday, September 24, 2001)]
[Pages 1352-1353]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 15

    In the morning, the President traveled to Camp David, MD. Also in 
the morning, he had telephone conversations with President Jose Maria 
Aznar of Spain and President Vicente Fox of Mexico concerning 
cooperation against terrorism.

September 16

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee of India.

September 17

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Nuhayyan Zayid of the United Arab Emirates concerning 
cooperation against terrorism. He then met with his National Security 
Council concerning the U.S. response to the September 11 terrorist 
attacks. Later, the President went to the Pentagon in Arlington, VA, and 
later returned to the White House.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the Islamic Center of 
Washington, and later returned to the White House.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom for a meeting and a working 
dinner on September 20.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Amir Hamad 
bin Khalifa Al Thani of Qatar to Washington for a working visit on 
October 4.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jacques Chirac of France for a meeting and a private working dinner on 
September 18.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michelle Van 
Cleave to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and 
Low Intensity Conflict.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the U.S. Commission on International Religious 
Freedom: Richard D. Land, William Francis Murphy, and Shirin Raziuddin 
Tahir-Kheli.

September 18

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, President Fernando 
Cardoso of Brazil, and Prime Minister Jean Chretien of Canada concerning 
the terrorist attacks. Also in the morning, he met with his National 
Security Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey Shane to 
be Associate Deputy Secretary of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Andrew S. Natsios 
as Special Coordinator for International Disaster Assistance.
    The President announced his intention to designate Secretary of 
Energy Spencer Abraham to be the U.S. Representative to the 45th General 
Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
    The White House announced that the President made additional 
assistance available to New York by authorizing an increase in the level 
of Federal funding for all categories of public assistance as a result 
of the September 11 fires and explosions.

September 19

    In the morning, the President had telephone conversations with 
President Kim Dae-jung of South Korea and President

[[Page 1353]]

Thabo Mbeki of South Africa concerning cooperation against terrorism. 
Also in the morning, the President met with his National Security 
Council.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Conrad 
Lautenbacher, Jr., to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and 
Atmosphere.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James E. Newsome 
to be Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Norman A. Wulf to 
be Representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Hammond to 
be Chairperson of the National Endowment of the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane M. Ruebling 
to a member of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Josephine K. Olsen 
to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward Kingman to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Management and Chief 
Financial Officer.

September 20

    The President announced his intention to nominate R. David Paulison 
to be Administrator of the U.S. Fire Administration at the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency.
    The White House announced that on September 19 the President issued 
an emergency declaration for New Jersey and ordered Federal aid to 
supplement State and local response efforts in connection with the fires 
and explosions in New York on September 11.

September 21

    In the morning, the President had telephone conversations with 
President Ahmet Necdet Sezer of Turkey, President Olusegun Obasanjo of 
Nigeria, and Sultan Qaboos bin Said Al Said of Oman.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David.
    The White House announced that the President declared a major 
disaster in Virginia and ordered Federal aid to supplement State and 
local recovery efforts in the area struck by fires and explosions on 
September 11.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to Washington for a working visit on 
September 25.
    The White House announced that the President has invited Prime 
Minister Jean Chretien of Canada to Washington for a working visit on 
September 24.