Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 49 (Monday, December 10, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 49 (Monday, December 10, 2001)]
[Pages 1767-1768]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 1

    In the morning, the President traveled from Camp David, MD, to 
Philadelphia, PA, to attend the Army-Navy football game at Veterans 
Stadium. Before the game, he met with both teams in their locker rooms 
and participated in the opening coin toss. He watched the first half of 
the game from the Navy's side of the field and the second half from the 
Army's. In the afternoon, he returned to Camp David, MD.

December 2

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned from Camp 
David, MD, to the White House.

December 3

    In the morning, the President met in the Situation Room with his 
National Security Council. He also met with Federal Bureau of 
Investigation officials.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Chairman of the 
Federal Reserve Board Alan Greenspan to discuss the economy.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a holiday ball at 
the White House for Members of Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael D. Brown 
to be Deputy Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ruth Lewis Griffin 
to be a Commissioner of the International Joint Commission for the 
United States and Canada.

December 4

    In the morning, the President traveled to Orlando, FL. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he met with Representative Mark Foley and 
Adam Putnam of Florida concerning trade promotion authority. In the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James R. Mahoney 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on the Arts and 
Humanities: Adair Wakefield Margo, who, upon appointment, will serve as 
Chair; Rebecca Smith Beach; Deborrah Kaye Allen; William Edward 
Strickland; Jeannette Naylor Cope; Phillip Roman; Alice Clement 
Carrington; Dixie Carter; Lionel Chetwynd; William Paul McCormick; 
Emilio Estefan; James Farmer; Jaime Fonalledas; Ralph Henry Kirshbaum; 
John Mason; Raymond D. Nasher; Emily Malino Scheuer; Mercedes B. Paz-
Slimp; Caren Prothro; Cindy Lynn Sites; Elizabeth Myerberg Dubin; Laurie 
Ann Green Firestone; Roxane Gatling Gilmore; Ralph McInerny; and Burton 
John McMurtry. The White House stated that First Lady Laura Bush is the 
honorary Chair of the Committee and announced that the President 
appointed Henry Moran as Executive Director of the Committee.

December 5

    In the morning, the President was informed of the deaths of two 
American soldiers in a friendly-fire incident during U.S. military 
operations near Kandahar, Afghanistan.
    Later in the morning, the President had breakfast with congressional 
leaders to discuss continuing budget resolutions and other budget 
appropriations, education, and fast-track trade authority. He also met 
separately with officials from the Central Intelligence Agency and the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation. He also met with his National Security 
Council.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Congressional Republicans, 
and later with Congressional Democrats, concerning fast-track trade 
authority.
    The President announced his nomination of Grant S. Green to be 
Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathie L. Olsen to 
be Associate Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.

[[Page 1768]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter N. Kirsanow 
as a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.

December 6

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt concerning the situation in the Middle 
East. Later, he had intelligence and FBI briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President met in the Oval Office with 
President Jorge Fernando Quiroga Ramirez of Bolivia to discuss 
counterterrorism and counternarcotics efforts and trade relations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Medal of Valor Review Board: Kermit Steven 
Young, Edward Cardinal Egan, and Thomas Kendall McEachin.
    The President declared a major disaster in Guam and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement territory and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by an earthquake on October 13.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to New 
Windsor, MD, on December 8, for the departure of the first shipment of 
relief packages purchased with funds from America's Fund for Afghan 
Children.

December 7

    Early in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss cooperation in the 
war on terrorism. Also in the morning, he had briefings and convened a 
meeting of the National Security Council. Later, he met with Minister of 
Foreign Affairs Saud al-Faysal al Saud of Saudi Arabia in the Oval 
Office to discuss cooperation in the war on terrorism.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Norfolk, VA, and in the 
evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alberto Faustino 
Trevino to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for 
Policy Development and Research.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Roy Grizzard to 
be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Disability Employment Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Victoria Lipnic to 
be Assistant Secretary of Labor for the Employment Standards 
Administration.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on November 24 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on November 24-25.