Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 10 (Monday, March 12, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 10 (Monday, March 12, 2001)]
[Pages 426-428]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 4

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled from Camp 
David, MD, to Hampton, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush, traveled to Newport 
News, VA, and later, they returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 427]]

March 5

    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with Vice 
President
Cheney wishing him well following an angioplasty procedure at George 
Washington University Hospital.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William S. Farish 
to be Ambassador to Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth Dam to be 
Deputy Secretary of the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger Walton 
Ferguson, Jr., to be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System.
    The White House announced that the President announced that 203 
educators will receive the annual Presidential Awards for Excellence in 
Mathematics and Science Teaching for 2000.

March 6

    In the morning, the President traveled to Chicago, IL, where he 
toured Chicago Mercantile Exchange in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ralph F. Boyd, 
Jr., to be Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John D. Graham to 
be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of 
the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick Pizzella 
to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Administration and Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John D. Negroponte 
to be U.S. Representative to the United Nations with the rank of 
Ambassador.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Goteborg, Sweden, to attend the European Union-U.S. summit in June.

March 7

    The President announced his intention to nominate Pete Aldridge to 
be Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and 
Logistics.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Gordon Card 
to be Under Secretary of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kristine Ann 
Iverson to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Congressional and 
Intergovernmental Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bobby P. Jindal to 
be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Planning and 
Evaluation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donna McLean to be 
Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Budget and Programs and Chief 
Financial Officer of the Department of Transportation.
    The White House announced that the President welcomed the formation 
of Israel's new government and extended his congratulations to Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon, who will come to the White House for a working 
visit on March 20.

March 8

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fargo, ND, and in the 
evening, he traveled to Sioux Falls, SD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter R. Fisher to 
be Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Steven Griles 
to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bill Hansen to be 
Deputy Secretary of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sean B. O'Hollaren 
to be Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Government Affairs.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Brussels, Belgium, in June.

March 9

    In the morning, the President traveled to Fayetteville, LA, and in 
the afternoon, he traveled to Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ruth A. Davis to 
be Director General and Chairman of the Board of the Foreign Service.

[[Page 428]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Alphonso R. 
Jackson to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James J. Jochum to 
be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for the Export Administration.
    The President announced the appointment of Richard R. Kasher, Helen 
Mercer Witt, and Robert Oberndoerfer Harris as members of the 
Presidential Emergency Board No. 235. Ms. Witt will serve as Chairman.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Yoshiro Mori of Japan at the White House for a working visit on 
March 19.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Vice 
Premier Qian Qichen of China at the White House on March 22.