Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 30 (Monday, July 30, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 30 (Monday, July 30, 2001)]
[Page 1111]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 20

    In the evening, the President participated in discussions and a 
dinner with representatives from G-8 nations and from Africa, Asia, and 
Latin America at the Palazzo Doria Spinola in Genoa, Italy.

July 22

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Rome.

July 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Castel Gandolfo, summer 
residence of Pope John Paul II. In the afternoon, he returned to Rome.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a reception and 
dinner hosted by President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi of Italy at Quirinale 
Palace.

July 24

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
Bondsteel, Kosovo. In the afternoon, they traveled to Rome, and in the 
evening, they returned to Washington, DC.

July 25

    The President announced his intention to nominate Gaddi H. Vasquez 
to be Director of the Peace Corps.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randall S. 
Kroszner to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kimberly Terese 
Nelson to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency for Environmental Information.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harold Daub to be 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Social Security Advisory 
Board.

July 26

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation from the 
Oval Office with President Megawati Sukarnoputri of Indonesia. Later, he 
met with Representative Charlie Norwood, and then with Senators Joseph 
Lieberman and Rick Santorum in the Oval Office concerning the Patients' 
Bill of Rights.
    In the afternoon, the President met in the Oval Office with Erik 
Weihenmayer, the first visually impaired person to reach the summit of 
Mount Everest. Also in the afternoon, the President had a telephone 
conversation with Senator Edward Kennedy concerning the Patients' Bill 
of Rights.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Richard J. Warren 
as a member of the Roosevelt Campobello International Park Commission.

July 27

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Representative Charlie Norwood concerning the Patients' Bill of Rights. 
Later, he met with Senators Max Baucus and Charles Grassley in the Oval 
Office concerning trade promotion authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Melvin F. Sembler 
to be Ambassador to Italy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Louis Kincannon to 
be Director of the Bureau of the Census at the Department of Commerce.