Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 31 (Monday, August 6, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 31 (Monday, August 6, 2001)]
[Pages 1133-1137]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted July 31

 John L. Brownlee,

 of Virginia, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Virginia 
for the term of 4 years, vice Robert P. Crouch, Jr., resigned.

 Brian E. Carlson,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service class of 
Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Republic of Latvia.

 Paul K. Charlton,

 of Arizona, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Arizona for the 
term of 4 years, vice Jose de Jesus Rivera, resigned.

 Todd Peterson Graves,

 of Missouri, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Missouri 
for the term of 4 years, vice Stephen Lawrence Hill, Jr., resigned.

 Michael G. Heavican,

 of Nebraska, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Nebraska for the 
term of 4 years, vice Thomas Justin Monaghan, resigned.

 Bonnie McElveen-Hunter,

 of North Carolina, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Finland.

 William Walter Mercer,

 of Montana, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Montana for the 
term of 4 years, vice Sherry Scheel Matteucci, resigned.

 Thomas E. Moss,

 of Idaho, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Idaho for the term of 
4 years, vice Betty Hansen Richardson, resigned.

[[Page 1134]]

 John N. Palmer,

 of Michigan, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Portugal.

 Mattie R. Sharpless,

 of North Carolina, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Central African Republic.

 Martin J. Silverstein,

 of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay.

 John W. Suthers,

 of Colorado, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Colorado for the 
term of 4 years, vice Thomas Lee Strickland, resigned.

 John F. Turner,

 of Wyoming, to be Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and 
International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, vice David B. 
Sandalow.

 Anna Mills S. Wagoner,

 of North Carolina, to be U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of North 
Carolina for the term of 4 years, vice Walter Clinton Holton, Jr., 
resigned.

 R. Barrie Walkley,

 of California, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Guinea.

 Fred L. Dailey,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, vice Gordon Clyde Southern.

 Grace Trujillo Daniel,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, vice Clyde Arlie Wheeler, Jr.

 John J. Danilovich,

 of California, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Republic of Costa Rica.

 Gilbert G. Gallegos,

 of New Mexico, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years, vice Janie L. Jeffers.

 Kent R. Hill,

 of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency 
for International Development, vice Donald Lee Pressley, resigned.

 Leslie Lenkowsky,

 of Indiana, to be chief executive officer of the Corporation for 
National and Community Service, vice Harris Wofford, resigned.

 Cranston J. Mitchell,

 of Missouri, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years, vice Timothy Earl Jones, Sr.

 Mary E. Peters,

 of Arizona, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, 
vice Kenneth R. Wykle, resigned.

 Marie F. Ragghianti,

 of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years, vice Michael Johnston Gaines, term expired.

 Edward F. Reilly,

 of Kansas, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years (reappointment).

 Marvin R. Sambur,

 of Indiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, vice 
Lawrence J. Delaney.
 Submitted August 1

 Timothy Mark Burgess,

 of Alaska, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Alaska for the term 
of 4 years, vice Robert Charles Bundy, resigned.

[[Page 1135]]

 Marian Blank Horn,

 of Maryland, to be a Judge of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims for a 
term of 15 years (reappointment).

 Charles F. Lettow,

 of Virginia, to be a Judge of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims for a 
term of 15 years, vice John Paul Wiese, term expiring.

 Harry Sandlin Mattice, Jr.,

 of Tennessee, to be U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee 
for the term of 4 years, vice Carl Kimmel Kirkpatrick, resigned.

 Robert Garner McCampbell,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma 
for the term of 4 years, vice Daniel G. Webber, Jr., resigned.

 Paul J. McNulty,

 of Virginia, to be U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia 
for the term of 4 years, vice Helen Frances Fahey, resigned.

 Michael W. Mosman,

of Oregon, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Oregon for the term 
of 4 years, vice Kristine Olson Rogers, resigned.

 J. Strom Thurmond, Jr.,

of South Carolina, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of South 
Carolina for the term of 4 years, vice J. Rene Josey.
 Submitted August 2

 Susan W. Brooks,

 of Indiana, to be U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana 
for the term of 4 years, vice Judith Ann Stewart, resigned.

 Leura Garrett Canary,

 of Alabama, to be U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Alabama for 
the term of 4 years, vice Charles Redding Pitt, resigned.

 Colm F. Connolly,

 of Delaware, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Delaware for the 
term of 4 years, vice Carl Schnee, resigned.

 Thomas C. Gean,

 of Arkansas, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas 
for the term of 4 years, vice Paul Kinloch Holmes III, resigned.

 Raymond W. Gruender,

 of Missouri, to be U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri 
for the term of 4 years, vice Audrey G. Fleissig, resigned.

 Roscoe Conklin Howard, Jr.,

 of the District of Columbia, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of 
Columbia for the term of 4 years, vice Wilma A. Lewis, resigned.

 David Claudio Iglesias,

 of New Mexico, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of New Mexico for 
the term of 4 years, vice Norman C. Bay.

 Charles W. Larson, Sr.,

 of Iowa, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Iowa for the 
term of 4 years, vice Stephen John Rapp, resigned.

 Matthew Hansen Mead,

 of Wyoming, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Wyoming for the 
term of 4 years, vice David D. Freudenthal, resigned.

 Michael J. Sullivan,

 of Massachusetts, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts 
for the term of 4 years, vice Donald Kenneth Stern, resigned.

 Joseph S. Van Bokkelen,

 of Indiana, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Indiana 
for the term of 4 years, vice Jon Ernest DeGuilio, resigned.

 Drew Howard Wrigley,

 of North Dakota, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of North Dakota 
for the term of 4 years, vice John Thomas Schneider, resigned.

 M. Christina Armijo,

 of New Mexico, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of New 
Mexico, (new position).

 Lawrence J. Block,

 of Virginia, to be a Judge of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims for a 
term of 15 years, vice Eric G. Bruggink, term expired.

 Karon O. Bowdre,

 of Alabama, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of 
Alabama, vice Sam C. Pointer, Jr., retired.

[[Page 1136]]

 David L. Bunning,

 of Kentucky, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Kentucky, vice William O. Bertelsman, retired.

 Karen K. Caldwell,

 of Kentucky, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Kentucky, vice Henry R. Wilhoit, Jr., retired.

 Claire V. Eagan,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of 
Oklahoma, vice Thomas Rutherford Brett, retired.

 Kurt D. Engelhardt,

 of Louisiana, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Louisiana, vice Morey L. Sear, retired.

 Stephen P. Friot,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of 
Oklahoma, vice Wayne E. Alley, retired.

 Callie V. Granade,

 of Alabama, to be U.S. District Judge for the Southern District of 
Alabama, vice Alex T. Howard, Jr., retired.

 Joe L. Heaton,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of 
Oklahoma, vice Ralph G. Thompson, retired.

 Larry R. Hicks,

 of Nevada, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Nevada, vice 
Johnnie B. Rawlinson, elevated.

 Jeffrey R. Howard,

 of New Hampshire, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the First Circuit, vice 
Norman H. Stahl, retired.

 William P. Johnson,

 of New Mexico, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of New 
Mexico, vice John E. Conway, retired.

 Terrence L. O'Brian,

 of Wyoming, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, vice Wade 
Brorby, retired.

 James H. Payne,

 of Oklahoma, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern, Eastern, and 
Western Districts of Oklahoma, vice Billy Michael Burrage, retired.

 Danny C. Reeves,

 of Kentucky, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of 
Kentucky, (new position).
 Submitted August 3

 Scott M. Burns,

 of Utah, to be Deputy Director for State and Local Affairs, office of 
National Drug Control Policy (new position).

 Joseph M. Clapp,

 of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration (new position).

 Thomas B. Heffelfinger,

 of Minnesota, to be U.S. Attorney for the District of Minnesota for the 
term of 4 years, vice Byron Todd Jones, resigned.

 Patrick Leo Meehan,

 of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of 
Pennsylvania for the term of 4 years, vice Michael Rankin Stiles, 
resigned.

 Elsa A. Murano,

 of Texas, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food Safety, vice 
Catherine E. Woteki, resigned.

 Marcelle M. Wahba,

 of California, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the United Arab Emirates.

 Margaret M. Chiara,

 of Michigan, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Michigan 
for the term of 4 years, vice Michael Hayes Dettmer, resigned.

 Robert J. Conrad, Jr.,

 of North Carolina, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of 
North Carolina for the term of 4 years, vice Mark Timothy Calloway, 
resigned.

[[Page 1137]]

 James Ming Greenlee,

 of Mississippi, to be U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of 
Mississippi for the term of 4 years, vice Calvin D. Buchanan, resigned.

 Terrell Lee Harris,

 of Tennessee, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee 
for the term of 4 years, vice Veronica Freeman Coleman, resigned.

 John L. Howard,

 of Illinois, to be Chairman of the Special Panel on Appeals for a term 
of 6 years, vice Barbara Jean Mahone, term expired.

 Frederico Juarbe, Jr.,

 of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans' 
Employment and Training, vice Espiridion A. Borrego.

 Jackson McDonald,

 of Florida, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
U.S. of America to the Republic of The Gambia.

 Mark W. Olson,

 of Minnesota, to be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System for the unexpired term of 14 years from February 1, 1996, 
vice Alice M. Rivlin, resigned.

 John Malcolm Ordway,

 of California, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Armenia.

 Stephen Beville Pence,

 of Kentucky, to be U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Kentucky 
for the term of 4 years, vice Steven S. Reed, resigned.

 Gregory F. Van Tatenhove,

 of Kentucky, to be U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky 
for the term of 4 years, vice Joseph Leslie Famularo, resigned.

 Susan Schmidt Bies,

 of Tennessee, to be member of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System for a term of 14 years from February 1, 1998, vice Susan 
Meredith Phillips, resigned.

 Jay S. Bybee,

 of Nevada, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Randolph D. Moss, 
resigned.

 B. John Williams, Jr.,

 of Virginia, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and 
an Assistant General Counsel in the Department of the Treasury, vice 
Stuart L. Brown, resigned.