Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 11 (Monday, March 19, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 11 (Monday, March 19, 2001)]
[Pages 459-460]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 12

    In the morning, the President traveled from Camp David, MD, to 
Panama City, FL, and in the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paula J. 
Dobriansky to be Under Secretary of State for Global Affairs.
    The President announced the designation of Dale Cabaniss as Chairman 
of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.

March 13

    In a morning ceremony in the Oval Office, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Cyrille Oguin of Benin, Usha 
Jeetah of Mauritius, Yang Jiechi of China, Knut Vollebaek of Norway, 
Vygaudus Usackas of Lithuania, and Rostom Al-Zoubi of Syria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roy A. Bernardi to 
be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Community 
Planning and Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William James 
Haynes to be General Counsel at the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Victoria Clarke to 
be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Chertoff 
to be Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division at the 
Department of Justice.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Fernando de la Rua of Argentina at the White House for a 
working visit on April 19.

March 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Plainfield, NJ. In the 
afternoon, he traveled to East Brunswick, NJ, and later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard J. Egan to 
be Ambassador to Ireland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Burns to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for the Near East.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lou Gallegos to be 
Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Powell A. Moore to 
be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Charles 
Weicher to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and 
serve as Federal Housing Commissioner.
    The White House announced that the President added the 
responsibility of leading the U.S. engagement in support of the Northern 
Ireland peace process to Richard Haass' February 6 nomination to be 
Director of Policy and Planning at the State Department.

March 15

    In the afternoon, the President met separately with World Boxing 
Association Heavyweight Champion Johnny Ruiz and National

[[Page 460]]

PTA Phoebe Apperson Hearst Outstanding Educator Award winner Katha Black 
in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gene Hickok to be 
Under Secretary of Education.

March 16

    In the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Samuel W. Bodman 
to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ann Laine Combs to 
be Assistant Secretary of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathleen B. Cooper 
to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with U.N. 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan at the White House on March 23.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with King 
Juan Carlos I of Spain on March 28.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Quebec 
City, Canada, for the third Summit of the Americas on April 20-22.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Japan, 
South Korea, and China in October.