Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 19 (Monday, May 14, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 19 (Monday, May 14, 2001)]
[Pages 716-717]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders Transmitting a Report on Burdensharing 
in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization

May 7, 2001

Dear Mr. Chairman:

    Pursuant to section 3(2)(B) of the Senate's resolution of April 30, 
1998, providing its advice and consent to ratification of the Protocols 
on the Accession of Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic to the North 
Atlantic Treaty of 1949, I hereby transmit to you the report concerning 
NATO membership, burdensharing in the Alliance, and other matters.
    The report is comprised of two sections that provide the required 
information to the extent that such information is available. An 
unclassified section covering common NATO budgets, national defense 
budgets, costs incurred to date in connection with the membership of 
Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic, and the status of discussions 
concerning NATO membership for Partnership for Peace countries. A 
separate, confidential section covers NATO members' capabilities to 
deploy and sustain combat forces and the adequacy of European defense 
budgets to meet the requirements of NATO force goals and capabilities 
initiatives.
     Sincerely,
                                                George W. Bush

Note: Identical letters were sent to Jesse Helms, chairman, Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations; John W. Warner, chairman, Senate 
Committee on Armed Services; Ted Stevens, chairman, Senate Committee on 
Appropriations; Henry J.

[[Page 717]]

Hyde, chairman, House Committee on International Relations; Bob Stump, 
chairman, House Committee on Armed Services; and C.W. Bill Young, 
chairman, House Committee on Appropriations. This letter was released by 
the Office of the Press Secretary on May 8.