Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 21 (Monday, May 28, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 21 (Monday, May 28, 2001)]
[Pages 809-811]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 810]]



May 20

    In the morning, the President traveled to Notre Dame, IN, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.

May 21

    In the morning, the President traveled to New Haven, CT, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Price to be 
Ambassador to Maritius.

May 22

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and King Abdullah of Jordan to 
discuss the Mitchell report and the situation in the Middle East.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Senator James M. Jeffords 
in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Wendy J. 
Chamberlin to be Ambassador to Pakistan.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles Blahous 
III, as Executive Director of the President's Commission To Strengthen 
Social Security.

May 23

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Chairman Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian Authority and Prime 
Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to discuss the Mitchell report and the 
situation in the Middle East. Later, the President met with the Dalai 
Lama in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy Goodman 
Brinker to be Ambassador to Hungary.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas Alan 
Hartwick to be Ambassador to Laos.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alberto Jose Mora 
to be General Counsel of the Department of the Navy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Everet Beckner to 
be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs at the Department of 
Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas C. Hubbard 
to be Ambassador to South Korea.

May 24

    In the morning, the President traveled to Cleveland, OH, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Albert E. Smith to 
be Under Secretary of the Air Force.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Montelongo 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven John 
Morello, Sr., to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Edward Rogan 
to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director 
of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa at the White House for a working 
visit on June 26.

May 25

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vicente Fox of Mexico to express condolences over the deaths 
of 14 Mexicans in the Arizona desert earlier in the week. Later, the 
President traveled to Annapolis, MD.
    In the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC, and later, he went 
to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas P. Christie 
to be Director of Operational Test and Evaluation at the Department of 
Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dennis P. Coleman 
to be Ambassador to Luxembourg.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lyons Brown Jr., 
to be Ambassador to Austria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel Charles 
Kurtzer to be Ambassador to Israel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arthur F. 
Rosenfeld to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced the appointment of the following individuals 
as members of the Federal Home Mortgage Corporation: William Dodd 
Powers, Cesar Benito

[[Page 811]]

Cabrera, David James Gribbin III, Catherine Lynn Stepp, and Michelle 
Engler.