Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 20 (Monday, May 21, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 20 (Monday, May 21, 2001)]
[Pages 773-774]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 13

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, from 
Camp David, MD.

May 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where he 
met with Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Barrie Walkley 
to be Ambassador to Guinea.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter W. Rodman to 
be Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs.

May 15

    The President announced his intention to nominate Marvin R. Sambur 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Research, 
and Development.

May 16

    The President announced his intention to nominate P.H. Johnson to be 
Federal Cochairperson of the Delta Regional Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph M. DeThomas 
to be Ambassador to Estonia.

[[Page 774]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Theodore H. 
Kattouf to be Ambassador to Syria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Maureen Quinn to 
be Ambassador to Qatar.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arlene Render to 
be Ambassador to Cote d'Ivoire.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marcelle Wahba to 
be Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates.
    The President designated John E. Higgins to be Acting General 
Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President designated Peter J. Hurtgen to be Chairman of the 
National Labor Relations Board.
    The President declared a major disaster in Minnesota and order 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms, flooding, and tornadoes beginning March 
23 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms, flooding, and tornadoes on April 10-23.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe winter storms and flooding on March 5-31.
    The President declared a major disaster in Puerto Rico and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, flooding, and mudslides beginning on May 6 
and continuing.

May 17

    In the morning, the President traveled to St. Paul, MN, and in the 
afternoon, he traveled to Nevada, IA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as Governors on the Board of Governors of the American 
National Red Cross: David Thomas McLaughlin, Anthony Joseph Principi, 
Donald Louis Evans, Richard Lee Armitage, Tommy G. Thompson, Roderick R. 
Paige, Joe M. Allbaugh, and Gen. Henry H. Shelton.
    The President declared a major disaster in Colorado and order 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms on April 11-22.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms, flooding, and ice jams on March 1-April 
30.

May 18

    In the morning, the President traveled to Conestoga, PA, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC, where he attended a Cuban 
Indepndence Day event in the East Room at the White House.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Nicholas Burns 
to be the U.S. Permanent Representative to the Council of the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President designated Frank D. Yturria to be Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation.
    The President designated Patricia Hill Williams to be Vice Chairman 
of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation.
    The White House announced that the President will visit Slovenia in 
June.