Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 25 (Monday, June 25, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 25 (Monday, June 25, 2001)]
[Pages 958-960]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 16

    In the morning, the President participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony at Home Army Memorial in Warsaw, Poland. Later, he and Mrs. 
Bush traveled to Kranj, Slovenia.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.

June 18

    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph E. Schmitz 
to be Inspector General of the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey William 
Runge to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration.
    The President announced the designation of Warren L. Miller as 
Chairman of the Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage 
Abroad.
    The White House announced that the President declared a major 
disaster in Florida and ordered Federal aid to supplement State and 
local recovery efforts in the area struck by Tropical Storm Allison on 
June 11-15.

June 19

    In the morning, the President traveled to Arlington, VA, where he 
toured the Computer/Electronic Accommodations Program Technology 
Evaluation Center. Later, he, returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Johnny Young to be 
Ambassador to Slovenia.

[[Page 959]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate John J. Danilovich 
to be Ambassador to Costa Rica.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Martin J. 
Silverstein to be Ambassador to Uruguay.
    The White House announced that the President announced the 
appointment of Stephen E. Biegun as Executive Secretary of the National 
Security Council.

June 20

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
from the Oval Office with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation from 
the Oval Office with Chairman Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian 
Authority.
    Later, in a ceremony in the Oval Office, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Josefina Pitra Diakite of 
Angola, Lalit Mansingh of India, Ignacio Arcaya of Venezuela, Girma 
Asmeron Tesfai of Eritrea, Ahmad Tariq Karim of Bangladesh, Fatos Tarifa 
of Albania, Sorin Ducaru of Romania, Linn Myaing of Burma, and Shavkat 
Khamrakulov of Uzbekistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Hilton Lewis Root 
to be U.S. Director of the Asian Development Bank, with the rank of 
Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher 
William Dell to be Ambassador to Angola.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael L. 
Dominguez to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Manpower and 
Reserve Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nelson F. Gibbs to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installations and 
Environment.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claude B. 
Hutchinson, Jr., to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for 
Management.

June 21

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Birmingham, AL, where he 
toured a YMCA Day Camp. In the evening, the President traveled to 
Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter Russell 
Chaveas to be Ambassador to Sierra Leone.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Hilda Gay Legg to 
be Administrator of the Rural Utilities Service in the Department of 
Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark Edward Rey to 
be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Natural Resources and Environment.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy Victory to 
be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Pasternack 
to be Assistant Secretary of Special Education and Rehabilitative 
Services at the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joanne M. Wilson 
to be Commissioner of the Rehabilitative Services Administration at the 
Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marianne Lamont 
Horinko to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency for the Office of Solid Waste.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth M. 
Donohue, Sr., to be Inspector General at the Department of Housing and 
Urban Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Minoru 
Fawn Liu to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for 
Public and Indian Housing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Emily Stover 
DeRocco to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Employment and Training.
    The White House announced that the President declared a major 
disaster in Mississippi and ordered Federal aid to supplement State and 
local recovery efforts in the area struck by Tropical Storm Allison on 
June 6-13.

[[Page 960]]

June 22

    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward William 
Gnehm, Jr., to be Ambassador to Jordan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Larry C. Napper to 
be Ambassador to Kazakhstan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frank Huddle, Jr., 
to be Ambassador to Tajikistan.
    The White House announced that the President declared a major 
disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered Federal aid to supplement State and 
local recovery efforts in the area struck by Tropical Storm Allison on 
June 15-17.