Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 46 (Monday, November 19, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 46 (Monday, November 19, 2001)]
[Page 1637]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on the Continuation of the National Emergency 
Regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction

November 9, 2001

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice to the Federal Register for publication. The notice 
states that the national emergency with respect to the unusual and 
extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and 
economy of the United States posed by the proliferation of nuclear, 
biological, and chemical weapons (weapons of mass destruction) and the 
means of delivering such weapons declared by Executive Order 12938 on 
November 14, 1994, is to continue in effect beyond November 14, 2001. 
The most recent notice continuing this emergency was published in the 
Federal Register on November 13, 2000 (65 Fed. Reg. 68063).
    The proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the means of 
delivering them continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to 
the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. 
Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the 
national emergency declared on November 14, 1994, regarding weapons of 
mass destruction, beyond November 14, 2001.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 November 9, 2001.

Note: An original was not available for verification of the content of 
this message. This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.