Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 2 (Monday, January 15, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 2 (Monday, January 15, 2001)]
[Pages 104-105]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 6

    In the morning, the President and Chelsea Clinton visited the 
National Zoo, where they viewed the zoo's new pair of giant panda bears.

January 7

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to New 
York City, and in the evening, they traveled to Chappaqua, NY.

January 8

    In the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Birch Bayh as a 
member of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Barbaralee 
Diamonstein-Spielvogel as a member of the Commission of Fine Arts.
    The President announced his intention to reappoint Nina J. Stewart 
as a member of the Security Policy Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dean R. O'Hare as a 
member of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Esteban E. Torres 
as a member of the Fannie Mae Board of Directors.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
a severe winter ice storm beginning on December 12, 2000, and 
continuing.

[[Page 105]]

January 9

    In the morning, the President traveled to East Lansing, MI, and in 
the afternoon, he traveled to Chicago, IL.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

January 10

    The President declared a disaster in Michigan and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery areas in the areas struck by 
record/near record snow on December 11-31, 2000.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Little 
Rock, AR, on January 17 to address a joint session of the Arkansas 
General Assembly.
    The White House announced that the President and Hillary Clinton 
will travel to Chappaqua, NY, on January 20, following the Inauguration.

January 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Dover, NH, and in the 
afternoon, he traveled to Manchester, NH. Later, the President traveled 
to Boston, MA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

January 12

    In the morning, the President traveled to Bethesda, MD, for his 
annual physical examination at the Bethesda Naval Hospital.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, and 
later, he and Hillary Clinton went to Camp David, MD.
    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Arthur Chapa as a 
member of the U.S. Military Academy Board of Visitors.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Raymond Gilmartin, 
Jessica Matthews, and Stephen Brobeck as members to the Advisory 
Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter ice storm beginning on December 11, 2000, and 
continuing through January 3, 2001.