Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 27 (Monday, July 9, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 27 (Monday, July 9, 2001)]
[Pages 1003-1004]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders on the National Emergency With Respect 
to the Taliban

June 30, 2001

Dear Mr. Speaker:  (Dear Mr. President:)

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency

[[Page 1004]]

is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with 
this provision, I have sent the enclosed notice to the Federal Register 
for publication, stating that the emergency declared with respect to the 
Taliban, is to continue in effect beyond July 4, 2001.
    The Taliban continues to allow territory under its control in 
Afghanistan to be used as a safe haven and base of operations for Usama 
bin Laden and the al-Qaida organization who have committed, and threaten 
to continue to commit, acts of violence against the United States and 
its nationals. This situation continues to pose an unusual and 
extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy 
interests of the United States. For these reasons, I have determined 
that it is necessary to maintain these emergency authorities in force 
beyond July 4, 2001.
     Sincerely,
                                                George W. Bush

Note: Identical letters were sent to J. Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the 
House of Representatives, and Richard B. Cheney, President of the 
Senate. This letter was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
July 2.