Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 35 (Monday, September 3, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 35 (Monday, September 3, 2001)]
[Pages 1249-1250]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 26

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to West 
Mifflin, PA, and in

[[Page 1250]]

the afternoon, they traveled to South Williamsport, PA. In the evening, 
they returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

August 27

    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathleen Burton 
Clarke to be Director of the Bureau of Land Management at the Department 
of the Interior.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding on July 17-18.

August 28

    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Eduard Shevardnadze of Georgia to Washington for a working visit on 
October 5.

August 29

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to San Antonio, 
TX, and in the afternoon, they traveled to Waco, TX. Later, they 
returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford.
    The President announced his appointment of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential Task Force to Improve Health Care 
Delivery for Our Nation's Veterans: Everett Alvarez, Ross Anthony, Terry 
Clark, Mack Fleming, Susan Hosek, Robert Krasner, Anthony McCann, Arthur 
Porter, Susan Schwartz, Robert Spanogle, Robert Wallace, Harry Walters, 
and Josh Weston.

August 30

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rockwell A. 
Schnabel to be U.S. Representative to the European Union, with the rank 
of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roy L. Austin to 
be Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago.

August 31

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Camp David, 
MD.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Wisconsin and Michigan on Monday, September 3, to participate in Labor 
Day events.
    The White House announced that the President and President Vicente 
Fox of Mexico will travel together to Toledo, OH, on Thursday, September 
6.
    The President announced that he will make a recess appointment for 
Peter J. Hurtgen to stay on as Member and Chairman of the National Labor 
Relations Board (NLRB) until the President's nominees to the Board are 
confirmed.