Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 33 (Monday, August 20, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 33 (Monday, August 20, 2001)]
[Pages 1182-1183]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 13

    In the morning, the President traveled to Meridian, TX, and later 
returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

August 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Rocky Mountain National 
Park, CO.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Denver, CO, where he 
attended a Major League Baseball game at Coors Field in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to designate Patrick Henry 
Wood III as Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.

August 15

    In the morning, the President traveled to Albuquerque, NM. In the 
evening, he returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Megawati Sukarnoputri of Indonesia to Washington for an official working 
visit on September 19.

August 16

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to discuss the recent violence in 
the Middle East.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kevin Joseph 
McGuire to be Ambassador to Namibia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Marshall to 
be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development for Management.

[[Page 1183]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Constance Berry 
Newman to be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for 
International Development for the Bureau of Africa.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arden Bement, Jr., 
to be Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology at 
the Department of Commerce.
    The President declared a major disaster in Tennessee and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on July 27 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding on July 27 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in the District of Columbia 
and ordered Federal aid to supplement local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and mudslides on August 10-12.

August 17

    The President announced his intention to nominate Morris X. Winn to 
be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for 
Administration and Resource Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Smith to 
be Assistant Secretary for Fossil Energy at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barry D. Crane to 
be Deputy Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy for 
Supply Reduction.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Emmy B. Simmons to 
be Assistant Adminstrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development for International Economics and Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Clarida to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jay B. Stephens to 
be Associate Attorney General. The President also announced that Phil 
Perry will serve as Acting Associate Attorney General until the 
confirmation of Mr. Stephens.