Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 6 (Monday, February 12, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 6 (Monday, February 12, 2001)]
[Pages 276-277]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 4

    The President traveled from Camp David, MD, to Farmington, PA, to 
attend a Democratic Party retreat.

February 5

    The President had a working luncheon with Federal Reserve Board 
Chairman Alan Greenspan.

[[Page 277]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark A. Weinberger 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Tax Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul Wolfowitz to 
be Deputy Secretary of Defense.

February 6

    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister-elect Ariel Sharon of Israel to congratulate Mr. Sharon 
on his electoral victory.
    The White House announced that the President announced his intention 
to name Richard Haas as Director of Policy Planning for the State 
Department.
    The White House announced that the President announced his intention 
to nominate Ambassador Marc Grossman to be Under Secretary of State for 
Political Affairs.
    The White House announced that the President announced his intention 
to nominate Grant S. Green to be Under Secretary of State for 
Management.

February 8

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Chairman Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian Authority and Sultan 
Qaboos of Oman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Senator Bill Frist 
to be one of two Senate representatives to the 55th Session of the 
General Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michele Davis to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Public Affairs.

February 9

    In the morning, the President met with State and local 
superintendents of education in the Roosevelt Room. Later, he met 
separately in the Oval Office with Mardi Gras Queens, Utah Jazz 
basketball player Karl Malone, and a group of incumbent Louisiana 
politicians who recently switched their affiliations to the Republican 
Party. Later in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with King Mohamed VI of Morocco and Prime Minister 
Giuliano Amato of Italy.
    In the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.