Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 45 (Monday, November 12, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 45 (Monday, November 12, 2001)]
[Pages 1627-1628]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 4

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned from Camp 
David, MD, to the White House.

November 5

    In the morning, the President met with his National Security 
Council. Also in the morning, he had a telephone conversation with Jerry 
Colangelo, owner of the Arizona Diamondbacks, to congratulate him on 
their victory in the 2001 Major League Baseball World Series.
    In the afternoon, the President met in the Oval Office with 
President Abdelaziz Bouteflika of Algeria to discuss cooperation against 
terrorism.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Acting 
Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jabir Al Sabah of 
Kuwait to the White House on November 7.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Ali Abdallah Salih of Yemen at the White House on November 27.

November 6

    In the morning, the President met with congressional leaders to 
discuss the legislative agenda, including aviation security.
    In an afternoon ceremony at the White House, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Jose Brito of Cape Verde; Albert 
del Rosario of the Philippines; Allan Wagner of Peru; Ryozo Kato of 
Japan; Alan John Kyerematen of Ghana; Pascal Kokora of Cote d'Ivoire; 
and Seymour St. Edwards Mullings of Jamaica.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dennis P. Walsh to 
be a member of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rebecca W. Watson 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Land and Minerals 
Management.

November 7

    In the morning, the President met with Acting Prime Minister and 
Foreign Minister Shaykh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jabir Al Sabah of Kuwait to 
discuss cooperation against terrorism.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Vienna, VA, and later 
returned to Washington, DC. He then met with House Democrats to discuss 
trade promotion authority.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Goran Persson of Sweden for a meeting in the White House on 
December 3.

November 8

    In the morning, the President met with President Fernando Henrique 
Cardoso of Brazil. In the afternoon, he met in the Oval Office with 
Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Atlanta, GA, and 
in the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margaret S.Y. Chu 
to be Director of the Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management at 
the Department of Energy.

November 9

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Enrique Bolanos of Nicaragua to congratulate him on his 
November 4 electoral victory. Also in the morning, he met in the Oval 
Office with Foreign Minister Mohamed Benaissa of Morocco to discuss 
cooperation against terrorism.
    In the afternoon, the President met separately in the Oval Office 
with Prime Minister

[[Page 1628]]

Milos Zeman of the Czech Republic and Minister of Foreign Affairs Saud 
al-Faysal al Saud of Saudi Arabia.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome former 
President Nelson Mandela of South Africa to the White House for a 
meeting on November 12.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward J. 
Fitzmaurice to be a member of the National Mediation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Beverly Cook to be 
Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environment, Safety, and Health.
    The President announced his intention to designate James Herbert as 
Acting Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Humanities.