Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 26 (Monday, July 2, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 26 (Monday, July 2, 2001)]
[Page 995]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________

<R05>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 25

    In the morning, the President traveled from Crawford, TX, to 
Detroit, MI, and in the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John H. Marburger 
III to be Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gerald Reynolds to 
be Assistant Secretary of Education for Civil Rights.

June 26

    In the afternoon, the President met with President-elect Alejandro 
Toledo of Peru in the National Security Adviser's office.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Abdelaziz Bouteflika of Algeria on July 12.
    The White House announced that the President announced his intention 
to nominate John Malcolm Ordway to be Ambassador to Armenia.
    The White House announced that the President announced his intention 
to nominate Brian Carlson to be Ambassador to Latvia.

June 27

    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald R. 
Schregardus to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency for Enforcement and Compliance Assurance.
    The President announced his intention to nominate H.T. Johnson to be 
Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Installations and Environment.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be Commissioners of the U.S. Parole Commission: Gilbert 
Gallegos, Henry Hart, Cranston J. Miller, and Marie F. Ragghianti.

June 28

    In the afternoon, the President met with President John Agyekum 
Kufuor of Ghana, President Alpha Oumar Konare of Mali, and President 
Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal in the Oval Office.

June 29

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Camp David, 
MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randal Quarles to 
be U.S. Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nils J. Diaz to be 
a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Secretary of 
Transportation Norman Y. Mineta to be a member of the Amtrak Reform 
Board.
    The White House announced that the President declared a major 
disaster exists in Oklahoma and ordered Federal aid to supplement State 
and local recovery efforts in the area struck by severe storms, 
flooding, and tornadoes on May 27-30.