Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 36 (Monday, September 10, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 36 (Monday, September 10, 2001)]
[Pages 1278-1279]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 2

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned from Camp 
David, MD, to Washington, DC.

September 3

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Kaukauna, 
WI, and then to Green Bay, WI. Later, they traveled to Detroit, MI. In 
the afternoon, they returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 1279]]

September 4

    In the afternoon, the President met in the Oval Office with Senate 
Majority Leader Tom Daschle to discuss the administration's legislative 
priorities and fall agenda.

September 5

    The President announced his intention to nominate William R. 
Brownfield to be Ambassador to Chile.

September 6

    In the afternoon, the President and President Vicente Fox of Mexico 
traveled together to Toledo, OH. Later, they returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Jacksonville, FL, and Sarasota, FL, on September 10-11 to speak to 
teachers and students about his education and reading initiatives.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Andrea G. 
Barthwell to be Deputy Director for Demand Reduction at the Office of 
National Drug Control Policy.
    The President announced his appointment of John C. Danforth as 
Special Envoy for Peace to The Sudan.

September 7

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the Library of 
Congress to participate in National Book Festival events.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ernest L. Johnson 
to be a U.S. Alternate Representative to the General Assembly of the 
United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy Cain Marcus 
to be a U.S. Alternative Representative to the General Assembly of the 
United Nations.