Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 39 (Monday, October 1, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 39 (Monday, October 1, 2001)]
[Pages 1390-1391]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 22

    During the day, the President had a meeting and videoconference with 
national security advisers at Camp David, MD.

September 23

    In the afternoon, the President returned to the White House.

September 24

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Thaksin Chinnawat of Thailand concerning cooperation 
against terrorism. Later, the President met with his National Security 
Council.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to Washington for a working visit on September 28.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Belgian 
Prime Minister and President of the European Council Guy Verhofstadt for 
a meeting on September 27.

September 25

    In the morning, the President met with congressional leaders, and 
later he met with his National Security Council.
    In the evening, the President and Laura Bush went to Arlington, VA, 
where they had

[[Page 1391]]

dinner at the El Paso Cafe. Later, they returned to the White House.
    The White House announced that the President will attend the APEC 
Leaders Meeting in Shanghai on October 20-21 as scheduled, but is 
postponing planned stops in Tokyo, Seoul, and Beijing.

September 26

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Wim Kok of the Netherlands and President Nursultan 
Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan concerning cooperation against terrorism. He 
then met with his National Security Council. Later, he met with 
finalists for the Boys and Girls Club of America Youth of the Year 
award.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Langley, VA, and later 
returned to the White House.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John V. Hanford 
III to be Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary L. Walker to 
be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick Francis 
Kennedy to be Alternative Representative of the United States to the 
Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate C. William Swank 
to be a member of the Board of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Leslie Silverman 
to be a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

September 27

    In the morning, the President traveled to Chicago, IL. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he met with Members of Congress.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

September 28

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister John Howard of Australia and President Gloria 
Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines concerning cooperation against 
terrorism. The President also met with his National Security Council.
    In the afternoon, the President went to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claude M. Bolton, 
Jr., to be Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition Logistics and 
Technology.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding associated with 
Tropical Storm Gabrielle on September 13-21.