Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 16 (Monday, April 23, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 16 (Monday, April 23, 2001)]
[Pages 636-637]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 15

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, from 
Crawford, TX.

April 16

    The President announced his intention to nominate Bennett William 
Raley to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Water and Science.
    The President announced the appointment of Attorney General John 
Ashcroft as a member of the James Madison Commemoration Commission.
    The President announced the appointment of Secretary of State Colin 
L. Powell as a member of the James Madison Commemoration Commission.
    The White House announced that the President applauded Environmental 
Protection Agency Administrator Christine Todd Whitman's decision to 
move forward with pending regulations to protect America's wetlands.

April 17

    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Garcia 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Enforcement.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Sheila Gall 
to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anne O. Krueger to 
be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jack Dyer Crouch 
II to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security 
Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Russ Whitehurst to 
be Assistant Secretary of Education for Educational Research and 
Improvement.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Garman to be 
Assistant Secretary of Energy for Energy Efficiency and Renewable 
Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Neal A. McCaleb to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rosario Marin to 
be Treasurer of the United States.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on April 3-5.
    The White House announced that the President will give commencement 
addresses at the University of Notre Dame, South Bend, IN, on May 20, 
and the U.S. Naval Academy, Annapolis, MD, on May 25.

April 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit of Turkey from the Oval Office.
    Later, the President traveled to Waterbury, CT, where he toured the 
B.W. Tinker School. He then traveled to New Britain, CT.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George Tracey 
Mehan III to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency for Water Programs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eduardo Aguirre, 
Jr., to be First Vice President of the Export-Import Bank of the United 
States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald E. Powell 
to be a member and Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert S. Martin 
to be Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services.

[[Page 637]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Alfred Rascon to 
be Director of the Selective Service System.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christina B. Rocca 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for South Asian Affairs.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Jacksonville, FL, New Orleans, LA, Little Rock, AR, and Crawford, TX, on 
April 25; Houston, TX, on April 26, returning to Crawford, TX, in the 
evening; and Austin, TX, on April 27.

April 19

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Bashar al-Asad of Syria in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard A. Hauser 
to be General Counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jenna Dorn to be 
Federal Transit Administrator at the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Allen Frederick 
Johnson to be Chief Agriculture Negotiator for the Office of the U.S. 
Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Spain, 
Belgium, Sweden, and Poland during his June trip to Europe.

April 20

    In the morning, the President traveled to Quebec, Canada.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Dan R. 
Brouillette to be Assistant Secretary of Energy for Congressional and 
Intergovernmental Affairs.
     The President announced his intention to nominate J. Robert Flores 
to be Administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency 
Prevention.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen Brauer to 
be Ambassador to Belgium.