Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 12 (Monday, March 26, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 12 (Monday, March 26, 2001)]
[Pages 503-507]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Withdrawn March 19
    The following persons to the positions indicated, which were sent to 
the Senate on January 3, 2001:

 Bonnie J. Campbell,

 of Iowa, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, vice George 
G. Fagg, retired.

 James E. Duffy, Jr.,

 of Hawaii, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, vice Cynthia 
Holcomb Hall, retired.

 Barry P. Goode,

 of California, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, vice 
Charles E. Wiggins, retired.

 Roger L. Gregory,

 of Virginia, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, a new 
position created by Public Law 101-650, approved December 1, 1990, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Kathleen McCree Lewis,

 of Michigan, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, vice 
Cornelia G. Kennedy, retired.

 Enrique Moreno,

 of Texas, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, vice William 
L. Garwood, retired.

 Helene N. White,

 of Michigan, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, vice Damon 
J. Keith, retired.

 Sarah L. Wilson,

 of Maryland, to be a Judge of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims for a 
term of 15 years, vice Loren A. Smith, term expired.

 James A. Wynn, Jr.,

 of North Carolina, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, 
vice James Dickson Phillips, Jr., retired.

    The nomination of the following person, which was sent to the Senate 
on January 4, 2001:

 Alston Johnson,

 of Louisiana, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, vice John 
M. Duhe, Jr.

    The nominations of the following persons, which were sent to the 
Senate on January 5, 2001:

 James V. Aidala,

 of Virginia, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances of the 
Environmental Protection Agency, vice Lynn R. Goldman, to which position 
he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Nina M. Archabal,

 of Minnesota, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Nicholas Kanellos, term 
expired, to which position she was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 James H. Atkins,

 of Arkansas, to be member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment 
Board for a term expiring September 25, 2004, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Geoff Bacino,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the National Credit Union Administration 
Board for the term of 6 years expiring August 2, 2005, vice Norman E. 
D'Amours, term expired, to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

[[Page 504]]

 Betty G. Bengtson,

 of Washington, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Ramon A. Gutierrez, term 
expired, to which position she was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Allen E. Carrier,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of 
the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts 
Development for a term expiring May 19, 2004, vice Duane H. King, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Ron Chew,

 of Washington, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Robert I. Rotberg, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Edward Correia,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2002, vice Michael B. Unhjem, term expired, 
to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 George Darden,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas 
Private Investment Corporation for the term expiring December 17, 2003, 
vice Zell Miller, to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Dennis M. Devaney,

 of Michigan, to be a member of the U.S. International Trade Commission 
for a term expiring December 16, 2009, vice Thelma J. Askey, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 James F. Dobbins,

 of New York, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (European 
Affairs), vice Marc Grossman, resigned, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 James A. Dorskind,

 of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Commerce, 
vice Andrew J. Pincus, resigned, to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Bill Duke,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Council on 
the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Charles 
Patrick Henry, term expired, to which position he was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Michael V. Dunn,

 of Iowa, to be a member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm 
Credit Administration, for a term expiring October 13, 2006, vice Marsha 
P. Martin, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Fred P. DuVal,

 of Arizona, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring October 6, 2002, vice Ann 
Brownell Sloane, term expired, to which position he was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Ross Edward Eisenbrey,

 of the District of Columbia, to be member of the Occupational Safety 
and Health Review Commission for a term expiring April 27, 2005, vice 
Stuart E. Weisberg, term expired, to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Jayne G. Fawcett,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the 
Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts 
Development for a term expiring May 19, 2006, vice Alfred H. Qoyawayma, 
term expired, to which position she was appointed during the last recess 
of the Senate.

 Toni G. Fay,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring

[[Page 505]]

October 6, 2001, vice John Rother, term expired, to which position she 
was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Anita Perez Ferguson,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring September 20, 2006, vice Maria 
Otero, term expired, to which position she was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Donald L. Fixico,

 of Kansas, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2004, vice Alan Charles Kors, term expired, 
to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Gregory M. Frazier,

 of Kansas, to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the U.S. 
Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, to which position he 
was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Hsin-Ming Fung,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a 
term expiring September 3, 2006, vice Speight Jenkins, term expired, to 
which position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Henry Glassie,

 of Indiana, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Martha Congleton Howell, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 James John Hoecker,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
for the term expiring June 30, 2005, to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Paulette H. Holahan,

 of Louisiana, to be a member of the National Commission on Libraries 
and Information Science for a term expiring July 19, 2004, vice Mary S. 
Furlong, term expired, to which position she was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Elwood Holstein, Jr.,

 of New Jersey, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and 
Atmosphere, vice Terry D. Garcia, resigned, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Mary D. Hubbard,

 of Alabama, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2004, vice Theodore S. Hamerow, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Timothy Earl Jones, Sr.,

 of Georgia, to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission for a 
term of 6 years, vice Marie F. Ragghianti, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Arthenia L. Joyner,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Federal Aviation Management Advisory 
Council for a term of one year (new position), to which position she was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate

 John R. Lacey,

 of Connecticut, to be Chairman of the Foreign Claims Settlement 
Commission of the United States for a term expiring September 30, 2003, 
vice Delissa A. Ridgway, term expired, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Miguel D. Lausell,

 of Puerto Rico, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Overseas Private Investment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 
2003, vice John Crystal, to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Edwin A. Levine,

 of Florida, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency, vice David Gardiner, resigned, to which position he 
was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

[[Page 506]]

 Robert Mays Lyford,

 of Arkansas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas 
Private Investment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2002, 
vice Harvey Sigelbaum, term expired, to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Sheryl R. Marshall,

 of Massachusetts, to be a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift 
Investment Board for a term expiring October 11, 2002, to which position 
she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Marilyn Gell Mason,

 of Florida, to be a member of the National Commission on Libraries and 
Information Science for a term expiring July 19, 2003, vice Joel David 
Valdez, term expired, to which position she was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Laramie Faith McNamara,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission 
of the United States for a term expiring September 30, 2001, vice John 
R. Lacey, term expired, to which position she was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Allan I. Mendelowitz,

 of Connecticut, to be a Director of the Federal Housing Finance Board 
for a term expiring February 27, 2007, vice Bruce A. Morrison, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Susan Ness,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Federal Communications Commission 
for a term of 5 years from July 1, 1999, to which position she was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Naomi Shihab Nye,

 of Texas, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Bev Lindsey, term expired, to 
which position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 David Z. Plavin,

 of New York, to be a member of the Federal Aviation Management Advisory 
Council for a term of one year (new position), to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Donald L. Robinson,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Commission 
on Libraries and Information Science for a term expiring July 19, 2002, 
vice Gary N. Sudduth, to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Peter F. Romero,

 of Florida, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Inter-
American Affairs), vice Jeffrey Davidow, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Vicki L. Ruiz,

 of Arizona, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice Harold K. Skramstad, term 
expired, to which position she was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Barbara J. Sapin,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Merit Systems Protection Board for 
the term of 7 years expiring March 1, 2007, vice Benjamin Leader 
Erdreich, resigned, to which position she was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Gerald S. Segal,

 of Pennsylvania, to be a member of the National Council on Disability 
for a term expiring September 17, 2003, vice Shirley W. Ryan, term 
expired, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Islam A. Siddiqui,

 of California, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Marketing and 
Regulatory Programs, vice Michael V. Dunn, to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

[[Page 507]]

 Beth Susan Slavet,

 of Massachusetts, to be Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board, 
vice Benjamin Leader Erdreich, resigned, to which position she was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Kenneth Lee Smith,

 of Arkansas, to be Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife, 
Department of the Interior, vice Donald J. Barry, resigned, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Isabel Carter Stewart,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities 
for a term expiring January 26, 2006, vice David Finn, term expired, to 
which position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Shibley Telhami,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. 
Institute of Peace for a term expiring January 19, 2001, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Dennis P. Walsh,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring December 16, 2004, vice Sarah McCracken 
Fox, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the 
Senate.

 Judith A. Winston,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary of Education, vice 
Marshall S. Smith, to which position she was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.
 Submitted March 22

 Michele A. Davis,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, vice 
Michelle Andrews Smith, resigned.

 Tim S. McClain,

 of California, to be General Counsel, Department of Veterans Affairs, 
vice Leigh A. 
Bradley, resigned.

 Andrew S. Natsios,

 of Massachusetts, to be Administrator of the U.S. Agency for 
International Development, vice J. Brady Anderson, resigned.

 Faryar Shirzad,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, vice Troy 
Hamilton Cribb, resigned.

 Larry D. Thompson,

 of Georgia, to be Deputy Attorney General, vice Eric H. Holder, Jr.