Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 17 (Monday, April 30, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 17 (Monday, April 30, 2001)]
[Pages 674-675]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 22

    In the evening, the President returned from Quebec, Canada, to 
Washington, DC.

April 23

    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald J. 
McConnell to be Ambassador to Eritrea.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen A. Cambone 
to be Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald Cameron 
Findlay to be Deputy Secretary of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lori A. Forman to 
be Assistant Administrator for the U.S. Agency for International 
Development for Asia and the Near East.
    The White House announced that the President invited President Jorge 
Batlle of Uruguay to the White House on April 24.

April 24

    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Henry 
Jones to be Ambassador to Kuwait.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James G. Roche to 
be Secretary of the Air Force.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas E. White to 
be Secretary of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gordon England to 
be Secretary of the Navy.

April 25

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA, and 
later, he traveled to Little Rock, AR.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bonnie McElveen-
Hunter to be Ambassador to Finland.

[[Page 675]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Jacob Lozada to be 
Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Human Resources and 
Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eugene Scalia to 
be Solicitor of the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles J. 
Swindells to be Ambassador to New Zealand.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stuart Bernstein 
to be Ambassador to Denmark.
    The President announced his intention to nominate George L. Argyros 
to be Ambassador to Spain and Andorra.

April 26

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Houston, TX, and in the 
evening, he returned to Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen L. Johnson 
to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for 
Prevention, Pesticides, and Toxic Substances.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Moshe Katsav of Israel for a working visit on May 30.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mercer Reynolds to 
be Ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein.

April 27

    In the morning, the President traveled to Austin, TX, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Crawford, TX.
     The President announced his intention to nominate C. David Welch to 
be Ambassador to Egypt.
     The President announced his intention to nominate Michael K. Powell 
to be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
     The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals to serve as members of the Commission on Presidential 
Scholars: Bruno V. Manno; Robert Lewis King; Jennifer Sandra Carroll; 
Lynne Ann Munson; Lawrence Richard Bearden; Modesto A. Maidique; Mary 
Katherine Turner; Paul Gust Vallas; Theodore Martin Hesburgh; Flo N. 
Traywick; Michele M. Ridge; Virginia Sue Hoffa; Marcia Jackson; Manuel 
Lujan, Jr.; Elizabeth K. Johnson; Mary Kramer; Linda Richey Graves; 
Louis Wade Sullivan; Jean Loretta Becker; Nancy Ann Hunt; Stanley E. 
Taylor; Shirley Miller; Glen Thomas Becerra; and Williamson Evers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James W. Ziglar to 
be Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization.
     The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, hail, flooding, and tornadoes beginning on 
April 21 and continuing.