Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 12 (Monday, March 26, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 12 (Monday, March 26, 2001)]
[Pages 501-503]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 18

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC, from Camp David, MD.

March 19

    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles S. Abell 
to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Force Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Maureen Patricia 
Cragin to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Public and 
Intergovernmental Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald Burnham 
Ensenat to be Chief of Protocol of the Department of State.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Walter Kansteiner 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David A. Sampson 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David S.C. Chu to 
be Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark D. Weinberg 
to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Public 
Affairs.

March 20

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Langley, VA, and later, 
he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter F. Allgeier 
to be Deputy U.S. Trade Representative with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linnet F. Deily to 
be Deputy U.S. Trade Representative with the rank of Ambassador

March 21

    In the morning, the President traveled to Orlando, FL, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Deborah J. Daniels 
to be Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Justice Programs.

[[Page 502]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Jimmy Gurule to be 
Under Secretary of the Treasury for Enforcement.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kay Cole James to 
be Director of the Office of Personnel Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Timothy J. Muris 
to be a member of the Federal Trade Commission for a 7-year term 
beginning September 26, 2001.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan B. Neuman to 
be Assistant Secretary of Education for Elementary and Secondary 
Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven A. Perry to 
be Administrator of General Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Pierre-Richard 
Prosper to be Ambassador at Large for War Crimes Issues.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Francis X. Taylor 
to be Coordinator for Counterterrorism with the rank of Ambassador at 
Large.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert D. 
Blackwill to be Ambassador to India.
    The President announced his designation of Susan Walthall as Acting 
Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record/near record snow on March 5-7.
    The President amended the Maine emergency declaration to extend the 
area struck by record/near record snow on March 5-7.

March 22

    The President had a telephone conversation with Emir Hamad bin 
Khalifa Al-Thani of Qatar congratulating him on the peaceful territorial 
dispute with Bahrain.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margaret Tutwiler 
to be Ambassador to Morocco.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric M. Bost to be 
Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer 
Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tom C. Dorr to be 
Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J.B. Penn to be 
Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agriculture 
Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bruce Marshall 
Carnes to be Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jessie Hill 
Roberson to be Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environmental 
Management.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tom Scully to be 
Administrator of the Health Care Financing Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Angela Styles to 
be Administrator of Federal Procurement Policy at the Office of 
Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Otto J. Reich to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs.
    The White House announced that President Ricardo Lagos of Chile will 
be in Washington, DC, for a working visit on April 16.

March 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Portland, ME, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC where he met with U.N. 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol D'Amico to 
be Assistant Secretary of Education for Vocational and Adult Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Francis S. Blake 
to be Deputy Secretary of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda J. Fisher to 
be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Claude A. Allen to 
be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dave D. Lauriski 
to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health.

[[Page 503]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Charlotte L. Beers 
to be Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lorne W. Craner to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.