Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 8 (Monday, February 26, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 8 (Monday, February 26, 2001)]
[Pages 331-333]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 17

    The President and Mrs. Bush attended a hometown celebration 
welcoming them on their first home visit to Crawford, TX.

[[Page 332]]

February 19

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Oklahoma 
City, OK, where they toured the Oklahoma City National Memorial 
Interactive Learning Museum. Later, the President met privately with 
survivors and family members of victims of the 1995 bombing of the 
Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

February 20

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Columbus, 
OH, where the President toured Sullivant Elementary School classrooms 
and met with reading mentors.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to St. Louis, 
MO, where the President toured Moline Elementary School classrooms and 
listened to a reading of ``Amazing Grace.'' Later, the President met 
with Archbishop Justin Rigali of St. Louis at a private residence.
    The President named Ruben Barrales as Deputy Assistant to the 
President and Director of the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs.

February 21

    In the morning, the President traveled
to Townsend, TN, where he met with
students from Doyle Middle School at McGhee Tyson Airport. Later, he 
toured Townsend Elementary School classrooms and listened to several 
essay readings.
    While returning to the airport in the afternoon, the President 
stopped in front of Heritage Middle School to shake students' hands, and 
later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a private 
dinner at the home of Katharine Graham, executive committee chairman, 
Washington Post, Co.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Andrew Natsios to 
be Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Maria Cino to be 
Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of the U.S. and 
Foreign Commercial Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brenda L. Becker 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Aufhauser to 
be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert E. 
Fabricant to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Robert Bolton 
to be Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International 
Security Affairs.
    The President announced the appointment of Gary R. Edson as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for International Economic Affairs and Deputy 
National Security Adviser.

February 22

    The President announced his intention to nominate James Andrew Kelly 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil at the White House on 
March 30.

February 23

    The President had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister 
Bulent Ecevit of Turkey.
    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush went to Camp David, MD. 
Later, the President met with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United 
Kingdom.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tim S. McClain to 
be General Counsel of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Pittsburgh, PA, and Council Bluffs, IA, on February 28 and Little Rock, 
AR, and Atlanta, GA, on March 1.

[[Page 333]]