Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 41 (Monday, October 15, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 41 (Monday, October 15, 2001)]
[Page 1427]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 7479--Death of Michael J. Mansfield

October 5, 2001

By the President of the United States

of America

A Proclamation

    As a mark of respect for the memory of Michael J. Mansfield, retired 
Majority Leader of the United States Senate and Ambassador of the United 
States to Japan, I hereby order, by the authority vested in me as 
President of the United States by the Constitution and the laws of the 
United States of America, that on the day of his interment, the flag of 
the United States shall be flown at half-staff at the White House and 
upon all public buildings and grounds, at all military posts and naval 
stations, and on all naval vessels of the Federal Government in the 
District of Columbia and throughout the United States and its 
Territories and possessions until sunset on such day. I also direct that 
the flag shall be flown at half-staff for the same lengths of time at 
all United States embassies, legations, consular offices, and other 
facilities abroad, including all military facilities and naval vessels 
and stations.
    In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this fifth day of 
October, in the year of our Lord two thousand one, and of the 
Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and twenty-
sixth.
                                                George W. Bush

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 12:11 p.m., October 9, 
2001]

Note: This proclamation was published in the Federal Register on October 
10. This item was not received in time for publication in the 
appropriate issue.