Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 45 (Monday, November 12, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 45 (Monday, November 12, 2001)]
[Pages 1603-1604]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to the Speaker of the House of Representatives on Emergency 
Response Funding for the September 11 Terrorist Attacks

November 5, 2001

Dear Mr. Speaker:

    In accordance with provisions of Public Law 107-38, the Emergency 
Supplemental Appropriations Act for Recovery from and Response to 
Terrorist Attacks on the United States, FY 2001, today I have authorized 
transfers from the Emergency Response Fund totaling $902 million for 
emergency recovery and response and national security activities listed 
in the enclosed letter from the Deputy Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget. As provided in Public Law 107-38, $900 million of 
these funds will be made available to agencies 15 days from the date of 
this transmittal and $2.3 million will be made available to the 
Department of the Treasury immediately.
    These funds are in addition to the $8.8 billion that I previously 
authorized for transfer and will allow our Government to continue to 
address the consequences arising from the terrorist attacks of September 
11, 2001.
    I urge the Congress to enact without delay the $20 billion in 
critical defense and domestic needs that I requested on October 17th. My 
Administration does not intend to seek additional supplemental funding 
for either domestic or defense needs for the remainder of this session 
of Congress.

[[Page 1604]]

    The details of these actions are set forth in the enclosed letter 
from the Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget. I 
concur with his comments and observations.
    Sincerely,
                                                George W. Bush

Note: An original was not available for verification of the content of 
this letter.