Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 14 (Monday, April 9, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 14 (Monday, April 9, 2001)]
[Pages 585-586]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 1

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

April 3

    In the morning, the President traveled to Wilmington, DE, where he 
toured the H. Fletcher Brown Boys and Girls Club. In the afternoon, the 
President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Angela Antonelli 
to be Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brian Jones to be 
General Counsel at the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bruce P. Mehlman 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Technology Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bill Hawks to be 
Under Secretary of Agriculture for Marketing and Regulatory Programs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James R. Moseley 
to be Deputy Secretary of Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas L. 
Sansonetti to be Assistant Attorney General for the Environmental and 
Natural Resources Division.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia Lynn 
Scarlett to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Policy, 
Management, and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Allan Rutter to be 
Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration.
    The President announced the designation of Jonathon Chase as Acting 
Director of the Community Relations Service.
    The President announced the designation of Kevin D. Rooney as Acting 
Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization.
    The President announced the designation of Kathryn Turman as Acting 
Director of the Office for Victims of Crime.

April 4

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone calls with 
President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali of Tunisia and President Ali Abdallah 
Salih of Yemen.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert D. 
McCallum, Jr., to be Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Division.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul V. Kelly to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sue Cobb to be 
Ambassador to Jamaica.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anthony H. Gioia 
to be Ambassador to Malta.

[[Page 586]]

April 5

    The President announced his intention to nominate Joseph J. Jen to 
be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Research, Education, and 
Economics.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Kirtley 
Waters to be Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Congressional 
Relations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey R. 
Holmstead to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency for Air and Radiation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eileen J. O'Connor 
to be Assistant Attorney General for the Tax Division.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Poland 
in June.

April 6

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Crystal City, VA, and 
later, he returned to Washington, DC. Later, the President traveled to 
Milwaukee, WI, where, in the evening, he attended the Milwaukee Brewers 
vs. Cincinnati Reds baseball game and threw out the first pitch. The 
President then traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Douglas Jay Feith 
to be Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kevin J. Martin to 
be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathleen Q. 
Abernathy to be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Copps 
to be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate A. Elizabeth Jones 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thelma J. Askey to 
be Director of the Trade and Development Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Craig Stapleton to 
be Ambassador to the Czech Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jim Nicholson to 
be Ambassador to the Holy See.
    The White House announced that the President will visit the 
Organization of American States on April 17 and meet with Secretary 
General Cesar Gaviria and the members of the Permanent Council.