Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 15 (Monday, April 16, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 15 (Monday, April 16, 2001)]
[Pages 612-613]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 613]]



April 8

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC. Later, the President had a telephone conversation with Tiger Woods 
congratulating him on winning the Masters golf tournament.

April 9

    In the afternoon, the President met separately with President Robert 
Kocharian of Armenia and President Heydar Aliyev of Azerbaijan in the 
Oval Office.
    The President announced the naming of Scott H. Evertz as Director of 
the Office of National AIDS Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tony Armendariz to 
be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sarah V. Hart to 
be Director of the National Institute of Justice at the Department of 
Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Shirin Raziuddin 
Tahir-Kheli to be the Representative of the United States of America on 
the Human Rights Commission of the Economic and Social Council of the 
United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gordon H. 
Mansfield to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for 
Congressional Affairs.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Amir 
Hamad bin Issa Al Khalifa of Bahrain for a working visit on May 7.

April 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Concord, NC, where he 
toured Concord Middle School. In the afternoon, the President traveled 
to Greenville, NC, and in the evening, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jon A. Hansen to 
be Administrator of the U.S. Fire Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard R. 
Nedelkoff to be Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance.

April 12

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Russell F. Freeman 
to be Ambassador to Belize.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John N. Palmer to 
be Ambassador to Portugal.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel R. Coats to 
be Ambassador to Germany.
    The White House announced that the President contacted Attorney 
General John Ashcroft concerning recent events in Cincinnati, OH.

April 13

    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles A. 
Heimbold, Jr., to be Ambassador to Sweden.
    The White House announced that the President invited President Boris 
Trajkovski of Macedonia to the White House on May 2.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with Prime 
Minister Rafiq Hariri of Lebanon at the White House on April 24.