Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 4 (Monday, January 29, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 4 (Monday, January 29, 2001)]
[Pages 225-226]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Remarks at a Luncheon With Freshman Members of the House of 
Representatives

January 26, 2001

    Welcome to the people's house. Here we are in week one. I hope 
you're as enthused about your job as I am about mine. I, first, look 
forward to saying hello to each of you, and I know the Vice President 
does, as well.
    We've begun a series of policy initiatives. First is education. I've 
been meeting with mostly the senior Members of the House and Senate--
although, a few freshmen have shown up in the meetings--to hear about a 
vision that I think is so important for America, and that is, every 
child get educated and a way to do so.
    There will be other issues that we'll be talking about: military 
preparedness, Medicare and health care, Social Security reform, tax 
relief. And I look forward to working with you all. I come to Washington 
with a positive spirit of the possible, that I refuse to let any 
bitterness that may be lingering around inhibit us from rising above the 
expectations of the American people.
    The people--some people--take a look at the election and say, 
``Well, gosh, the country is too divided. Nothing will happen.'' Our 
mission is to prove them wrong. It's to not only restore faith in 
Government by results, positive results for the people, but also to 
restore faith in Government by how we behave, by how we conduct the 
people's business. I know we can do it.

[[Page 226]]

    I'm honored you all are here. Congratulations on your elections. We 
look forward to working with you, and God bless.

Note: The President spoke at 12:09 p.m. in the State Dining Room at the 
White House. A tape was not available for verification of the content of 
these remarks.