Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 46 (Monday, November 19, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 46 (Monday, November 19, 2001)]
[Page 1661]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Joint Statement by President George W. Bush and President Vladimir V. 
Putin of Russia on Afghanistan

November 13, 2001

    We express our continued support for the people of Afghanistan in 
their effort to establish a government that can bring peace and 
stability to Afghanistan, close down terrorist camps, and end 
Afghanistan's use as a platform for international terrorists. We agree 
that a new Afghan government should adhere to accepted international 
principles, respect human rights, including those of women and girls, 
facilitate delivery of aid to combat the current humanitarian crisis, 
and rebuild Afghanistan and the region economically.
    The United States and Russia do not intend to, and cannot, create 
the future government of Afghanistan. It is up to the Afghans themselves 
to determine their future. We believe that, in order for any future 
government to bring peace to the people of Afghanistan and promote 
stability in the region, it must be broad-based, represent all Afghans, 
men and women, and be drawn from all ethnic groups. We agree that the 
Taliban as a movement should have no place in future bodies of state 
power in Afghanistan.
    We welcome the appointment of Ambassador Lakhdar Brahimi as the 
United Nations Secretary General's Special Representative for 
Afghanistan and underscore our support for his efforts to bring peace 
and stability to Afghanistan and the region.

Note: An original was not available for verification of the content of 
this joint statement.