Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 52 (Monday, December 31, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 52 (Monday, December 31, 2001)]
[Pages 1839-1840]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 13246--Providing an Order of Succession Within the 
Department of the Treasury

December 18, 2001

    By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and 
the laws of the United States of America, including Subchapter III of 
Chapter 33 of title 5 of the United States Code, it is hereby ordered 
that:
    Section 1. Subject to the provisions of section 3 of this Executive 
Order, the officers named in section 2, in the order listed, shall act 
as and perform the functions and duties of the office of Secretary of 
the Treasury (Secretary) during any period when both the Secretary and 
the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury (Deputy Secretary) have died, 
resigned, or are otherwise unable to perform the functions and duties of 
the office of Secretary.
    Sec. 2. Order of Succession.
    (a) Under Secretaries of the Treasury (including the Under Secretary 
of the Treasury for Enforcement), in the order in which they shall have 
taken the oath of office as such officers;
    (b) General Counsel of the Department of the Treasury; and
    (c) Deputy Under Secretaries of the Treasury and those Assistant 
Secretaries of the Treasury appointed by the President by and with the 
consent of the Senate, in the order in which they shall have taken the 
oath of office as such officers.
    Sec. 3. Exceptions.
    (a) No individual who is serving in an office listed in section 
2(a)-(c) in an acting capacity shall act as Secretary pursuant to this 
Executive Order.
    (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Executive Order, the 
President retains discretion, to the extent permitted by Subchapter III 
of Chapter 33 of title 5 of the United States Code, to depart from this 
Executive Order in designating an acting Secretary.
    Sec. 4. Executive Order 11822 of December 10, 1974, is hereby 
revoked.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 December 18, 2001.

[[Page 1840]]

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., December 20, 
2001]

Note: This Executive order was released by the Office of the Press 
Secretary on December 28, and it was published in the Federal Register 
on December 21.