Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 7 (Monday, February 19, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 7 (Monday, February 19, 2001)]
[Pages 296-297]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 11

    In the afternoon, the President returned from Camp David, MD, to 
Washington, DC.

February 12

    In the morning, the President traveled to Fort Stewart, GA, and in 
the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Lee 
Armitage to be Deputy Secretary of State.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dov Zakheim to be 
Under Secretary of Defense and Comptroller.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thelma J. Askey to 
be Commissioner of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth I. Juster 
to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Faryar Shirzad to 
be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Import Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Theodore William 
Kassinger to be General Counsel of the Department of Commerce.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Scott Whitaker to 
be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Legislation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Laura S. Unger as 
Acting Chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

February 13

    In the morning, the President traveled to Norfolk, VA, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gov. Paul Cellucci 
of Massachusetts to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the U.S. to Canada.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael P. Jackson 
to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John M. Duncan to 
be Under Secretary of the Treasury for Legislative Affairs.

February 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Charleston, WV, where he 
visited the West Virginia National Guard's emergency operations center 
to watch a simulated emergency flood response exercise. In the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In an afternoon ceremony in the Oval Office, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from Ambassadors Ivan Grdesic of Croatia, 
Emmanuel Touaboy of the Central African Republic, Juan Jose Bremer 
Martino of the United Mexican States, Milan St. Protic of Yugoslavia, 
Kanat Saudabayev of Kazakhstan, Meret Orazov of Turkmenistan, and Carlos 
Alzamora Traverso of Peru.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Larry D. Thompson 
to be Deputy Attorney General at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Theodore B. Olson 
to be Solicitor General of the United States.
    The White House announced that the President will have a working 
visit with President Andres Pastrana of Colombia at the White House on 
February 27.

February 15

    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles A. James 
to be Assistant Attorney General overseeing the Antitrust Division of 
the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel J. Bryant 
to be Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs.
    The White House announced that the President will have a working 
visit with President Kim Dae-jung of South Korea at the White House on 
March 7.

[[Page 297]]

February 16

    In the morning, the President traveled to San Cristobal, Mexico, 
where he participated in a joint press conference with President Vicente 
Fox of Mexico. In the evening, he traveled to Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Howard 
Taft IV to be Legal Advisor to the Secretary of State.