Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 33 (Monday, August 20, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 33 (Monday, August 20, 2001)]
[Pages 1168-1169]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Exchange With Reporters at Griegos Elementary School in Albuquerque, New 
Mexico

August 15, 2001

Situation in the Middle East

    Q. One question about the Middle East, sir. Do you believe that they 
are on the brink of war there? And have you come to believe that it's no 
longer realistic----
    The President. [Inaudible]--the violence in the Middle East, but I'm 
confident that the leadership there will understand that war is 
avoidable and will work to bring peace. The parties must--must--make up 
their mind that peace is preferable to war. The suicide bombings have 
increased; there's too many of them. And Mr. Arafat must do everything 
in his power to discourage the suicide bombers. And the Israelis must be 
restrained in their response.
    There's too much violence in the Middle East, but I'm confident that 
we can avoid war so long as the leadership makes the concerted effort to 
do so. My administration is constantly in touch with the parties. I 
spoke to Secretary Powell this morning. We're working with the 
appropriate folks. The Egyptians are in town. Not only are we talking to 
the Palestinians and the Israelis, we're talking to other nations in the 
neighborhood to encourage them to convince Mr. Arafat to do everything 
he can to prevent and stop suicide bombings and needless violence.
    Congratulations, Gregory [David Gregory, NBC News]. You actually got 
me to say something. [Laughter]
      

      
      

Note: The exchange began at 11:40 a.m. in room 117. In his remarks, the 
President referred to Chairman Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian 
Authority. A tape was not available for verification of the content of 
this exchange.

[[Page 1169]]