Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 1 (Monday, January 8, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 1 (Monday, January 8, 2001)]
[Pages 15-16]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 30

    The President and Hillary Clinton went to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President directed the Department 
of Health and Human Services to release $300 million in Low Income Home 
Energy Assistance Program emergency funds to all States facing 
substantial increases in home heating fuel prices. *
     *This item was made available by the Office of the Press Secretary 
on December 29 but was embargoed for release until 10:06 a.m., December 
30.

January 1

    The President and Hillary Clinton returned to Washington, DC.

January 2

    In the afternoon, the President met with Chairman Yasser Arafat of 
the Palestinian Authority in the Oval Office.

January 3

    In the afternoon, the President attended the swearing-in ceremony 
for the U.S. Senate class of 2001.
     The President announced the recess appointment of James H. Atkins 
as Chair and member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board.
     The President announced the recess appointment of Allen Carrier as 
a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of American Indian 
and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development.
     The President announced the recess appointment of Edward Correia as 
a member of the National Council on Disability.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Gerald S. Segal as 
a member of the National Council on Disability.
     The President announced the recess appointment of Dennis Martin 
Devaney as Commissioner of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
     The President announced the recess appointment Ross Edward 
Eisenbrey as a member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review 
Commission.
     The President announced the recess appointment of Jayne G. Fawcett 
as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of American Indian 
and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Sheryl R. Marshall 
as a member of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Yolanda Townsend 
Wheat as Chair of the National Credit Union Administration.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Hsin-Ming Fung as 
a member of the National Council on the Arts.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Robert M. Lyford 
as a member of the Board of Directors for the Overseas Private 
Investment Corporation.

January 4

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Syracuse, NY, and in the afternoon, they returned to Washington, DC.

January 5

    In the morning, the President went to Camp David, MD, and later he 
returned to Washington, DC, where he met with former Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. John M. Shalikashvili, USA (Ret.), in the 
Oval Office.
    In the afternoon, the President attended a Preserve America's 
Forests event at the National Arboretum. Later, he traveled to 
Arlington, VA, where he attended an Armed Forces Presidential Tribute at 
Fort Myer. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ginger Ehn Lew as a 
member of the Advisory Commission on Asian American and Pacific 
Islanders.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter ice storm

[[Page 16]]

beginning on December 25, 2000, and continuing.
    The White House announced that the President will present the 
Presidential Citizens Medal award to 28 recipients on January 8, in a 
ceremony at the White House.