Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37 Issue 43 (Monday, October 29, 2001)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 37, Number 43 (Monday, October 29, 2001)]
[Page 1538]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to the Speaker of the House of Representatives on Transfer of 
Funds in Response to Terrorist Attacks of September 11

October 22, 2001

Dear Mr. Speaker:

    In accordance with provisions of Public Law 107-38, the Emergency 
Supplemental Appropriations Act for Recovery from and Response to 
Terrorist Attacks on the United States, FY 2001, today I have authorized 
transfers from the Emergency Response Fund totaling $1.7 billion for 
emergency recovery and response and national security activities listed 
in the enclosed letter from the Director of the Office of Management and 
Budget. As provided in Public Law 107-38, $1.6 billion of these funds 
will be made available to agencies 15 days from the date of this 
transmittal and $71.4 million will be made available to the Department 
of Defense immediately.
    These funds are in addition to the $7.2 billion that I previously 
authorized for transfer and will allow our Government to continue to 
address the consequences--both at home and abroad--arising from the 
terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
    On October 17th, I asked the Congress to provide $20 billion in 
emergency funding for both defense and domestic needs related to the 
September attacks. I urge the Congress to enact these crucial resources 
without delay. The details of these actions are set forth in the 
enclosed letter from the Director of the Office of Management and 
Budget. I concur with his comments and observations.
     Sincerely,
                                                George W. Bush

Note: This letter was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
October 23. The Office of the Press Secretary also made available the 
text of Office of Management and Budget Director Mitch Daniels' letter. 
An original was not available for verification of the content of this 
letter.