Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 46 (Monday, November 22, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 46 (Monday, November 22, 1999)]
[Pages 2407-2408]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 14

    In the morning, the President traveled to Ankara, Turkey.

November 15

    In the morning, the President participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony at the mausoleum of Kemal Ataturk, founder of modern Turkey.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Hoecker to 
be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and will 
designate him Chair upon appointment.

November 16

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to Izmit, 
Turkey, where they toured earthquake-damaged areas. In the afternoon, 
they traveled to Istanbul, Turkey.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janie L. Jeffers 
to be a Commissioner of the U.S. Parole Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Michael McCabe 
to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.

November 17

    In the morning, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Ephesus, Turkey, where they toured ancient ruins and the Ephesus Museum. 
In the afternoon, they returned to Istanbul.
    In the evening, the President met with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of 
Israel in the Conrad Motel. Later, the President and Hillary Clinton met 
with Ecumenical Patriarch Vartholomeos in the Throne Room at the 
Ecumenical Patriarchate.
    Later in the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended a 
cultural performance at the Media Center.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathryn Shaw to be 
a member of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Al From as a member 
of the U.S. Naval Academy Board of Visitors.
    The President declared a major disaster in the U.S. Virgin Islands 
and ordered Federal aid to supplement territory and local recovery 
efforts in the area struck by Hurricane Lenny on November 17 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in the Commonwealth of Puerto 
Rico and ordered Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local 
recovery efforts in the area struck by Hurricane Lenny on November 17 
and continuing.

November 18

    In the morning, the President met with President Boris Yeltsin of 
Russia in Suite 6 at Ciragan Palace.
    In the afternoon, the President met with President Jacques Chirac of 
France in Suite 6 at Ciragan Palace.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Bob Armstrong as 
Chair and U.S. Representative to the Rio Grande Compact Commission.

[[Page 2408]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Aurelio Sisneros as 
Chair and Federal Representative of the Arkansas River Compact 
Administration (Colorado and Kansas).
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
Hurricane Floyd on September 16-19.
    The White House announced that the President, accompanied by 
Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright, hosted a small gathering of 
representatives from Turkish nongovernmental organizations.

November 19

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled to 
Athens, Greece.
    The President named Lauren Supina as Deputy Assistant to the 
President and Director of Women's Initiatives and Outreach.