Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 50 (Monday, December 20, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 50 (Monday, December 20, 1999)]
[Pages 2634-2635]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Fort Lauderdale, FL.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Miami, FL, and later, he 
returned to Washington, DC., arriving after midnight.

December 12

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended the 
annual ``Christmas in Washington'' celebration at the National Building 
Museum.

December 14

    In the afternoon, the President met with Filipino veterans of World 
War II at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gus Weill as a 
member of the J. 
William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board.

December 15

    In the morning, the President met separately with Prime Minister 
Ehud Barak of Israel and Minister of Foreign Affairs Farouk al-Shara of 
Syria in the Oval Office.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Amanda Aguirre, 
Jeffrey Brandon, Carlos Rene Gonzales, Rosemarie Marshall Johnson, 
Laurance N. Nickey, Blair Sadler, Catherine Torres, and Paul Villas as 
members of the U.S. section of the United States-
Mexico Border Health Commission.

December 16

    In the morning, the President had an interview with Peter Jennings 
of ABC News in the Diplomatic Reception Room.
    In the afternoon, the President met separately with Prime Minister 
Ehud Barak of Israel and Minister of Foreign Affairs Farouk al-Shara of 
Syria in the Oval Office.

[[Page 2635]]

December 17

    In the evening, the President attended a Democratic Congressional 
Campaign Committee dinner at a private residence.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Paul LeClerc as a 
member of the President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities.
    The President announced the recess appoint of Sarah M. Fox as a 
member of the National Labor Relations Board.