Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 37 (Monday, September 20, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 37 (Monday, September 20, 1999)]
[Pages 1763-1764]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Assistance for Federal Employees Affected by Hurricane 
Floyd

September 17, 1999

Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies

Subject: Assistance for Federal Employees Affected by Hurricane Floyd

    I am deeply concerned about the devastating losses suffered by many 
as a result of Hurricane Floyd. Many parts of the Federal Government 
have been mobilized to respond to this disaster.
    As part of this effort, I ask the heads of executive departments and 
agencies to excuse from duty without charge to leave or loss of pay 
those Federal civilian employees who are affected by Hurricane Floyd and 
its aftermath and who can be spared from their usual responsibilities. 
Specifically, I request that excused absence be granted to employees who 
are needed for emergency law enforcement, relief, or clean-up efforts 
authorized by Federal, State, or other officials having jurisdiction and 
employees who are prevented from reporting for work or faced with a 
personal emergency because of Hurricane Floyd and its aftermath.
    I am also authorizing the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) to 
determine whether there is a need to establish an emergency leave 
transfer program to assist employees affected by this major disaster. An 
emergency leave transfer program would permit employees in an executive 
agency to

[[Page 1764]]

donate their unused annual leave for transfer to employees of the same 
or other agencies who were adversely affected by Hurricane Floyd and who 
need additional time off for recovery. If the need for donated annual 
leave becomes evident, I direct OPM to establish the emergency leave 
transfer program and provide additional information to agencies on the 
program's administration.
                                            William J. Clinton

Note: An original was not available for verification of the content of 
this memorandum.