Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 10 (Monday, March 15, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 10 (Monday, March 15, 1999)]
[Page 400]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency With 
Respect to Iran

March 10, 1999

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice, stating that the national emergency declared with 
respect to Iran on March 15, 1995, pursuant to the International 
Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701-1706) is to continue in 
effect beyond March 15, 1999, to the Federal Register for publication. 
This emergency is separate from that declared on November 14, 1979, in 
connection with the Iranian hostage crisis and therefore requires 
separate renewal of emergency authorities. The last notice of 
continuation was published in the Federal Register on March 6, 1998.
    The factors that led me to declare a national emergency with respect 
to Iran on March 15, 1995, have not been resolved. The actions and 
policies of the Government of Iran, including support for international 
terrorism, its efforts to undermine the Middle East peace process, and 
its acquisition of weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver 
them, continue to threaten the national security, foreign policy, and 
economy of the United States. Accordingly, I have determined that it is 
necessary to maintain in force the broad programs I have authorized 
pursuant to the March 15, 1995, declaration of emergency.
                                            William J. Clinton
The White House,
March 10, 1999.

Note: An original was not available for verification of the content of 
this message.