Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 49 (Monday, December 13, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 49 (Monday, December 13, 1999)]
[Page 2574]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 6

    In the evening, the President and Hillary Clinton attended the 
Congressional Ball in the Map Room at the White House.
    The President declared an emergency in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by fire on December 3 and continuing.

December 7

    The President announced his intention to appoint Deborah E. Lipstadt 
and Sidney R. Yates to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.

December 8

    In the morning, the President met with President Leonid Kuchma of 
Ukraine in the Oval Office.
    The President had separate telephone conversations with Prime 
Minister Ehud Barak of Israel and Chairman Yasser Arafat of the 
Palestinian Authority on the Middle East peace process.

December 9

    In the morning, the President met in the Oval Office with 
representatives of various civil rights organizations, communications 
industries, and foundations to discuss efforts to narrow the digital 
divide.
    Later, the President traveled to Worcester, MA, and in the 
afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Victoria McCammon 
Murphy to the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Stuart E. 
Weisberg as a member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Janie L. 
Jeffers and Marie F. Ragghianti as Commissioners of the U.S. Parole 
Commission.

December 10

    In the morning, the President traveled to Little Rock, AR. Later, he 
traveled to West Memphis, AR, where in the afternoon he spoke to the 
community. Later, the President participated in a dedication ceremony 
for Earle High School in Earle, AR.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Orlando, FL.