Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 45 (Monday, November 15, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 45 (Monday, November 15, 1999)]
[Pages 2367-2368]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 8

    In the afternoon, the President met with Prime Minister Milos Zeman 
of the Czech Republic and Prime Minister Mikulas Dzurinda of Slovakia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark L. Schneider 
to be Director of the Peace Corps.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Juanita Sims Doty 
and Leslie Lenkowsky to be members of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation for National and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gov. Mel Carnahan 
of Missouri to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. 
Truman Scholarship Foundation.

[[Page 2368]]

November 9

    The President announced his intention to nominate Gary A. Barron to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Antony Merck to be 
Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randolph D. Moss 
to be Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John R. Lacey to 
be Chair and Laramie F. McNamara to be a member of the Foreign Claims 
Settlement Commission of the United States.

November 10

    In the morning, the President had telephone conversations with 
Speaker of the House J. Dennis Hastert and Senate Majority Leader Trent 
Lott concerning the budget negotiations. He later had a second telephone 
conversation with Senator Lott concerning trade legislation for Africa 
and the Caribbean.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to York, PA, where he 
toured the Harley-Davidson Motor Co. plant. In the afternoon, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert M. (Mike) 
Walker to be Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs at the Department of 
Veterans Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frank S. Holleman 
III to be Deputy Secretary of the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Luis Lauredo to be 
the U.S. Permanent Representative to the Organization of American 
States, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald R. Vereen, 
Jr., to be Deputy Director of the Office of National Drug Control 
Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Deanna Tanner Okun 
to be a member of the International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ernest W. 
DuBester, Francis J. Duggan, and Magdalena G. Jacobsen to be members of 
the National Mediation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jerome F. Kever 
and Virgil M. Speakman, Jr., to be members of the Railroad Retirement 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol Waller Pope 
to be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric D. Eberhard 
to be a member of the Board of Trustees for the Morris K. Udall 
Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Monte R. Belger to 
be Deputy Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, U.S. 
Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joan R. Challinor 
to be a member of the National Commission on Libraries and Information 
Science.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding associated with Tropical Storm 
Floyd on September 16-21.

November 11

    In the morning, the President traveled to Arlington, VA, where he 
participated in a Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the 
Unknowns. In the afternoon, he returned to Washington, DC.