Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 37 (Monday, September 20, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 37 (Monday, September 20, 1999)]
[Pages 1761-1762]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Terrorist Attacks in Russia

September 17, 1999

    On behalf of the American people, I want to extend our deepest 
condolences to the families of victims of recent bombings in Russia. Our 
thoughts and prayers are with the loved ones of the nearly 300 people 
whose lives were tragically lost.
    The American people share the world's outrage over these cowardly 
acts. These attacks were aimed not just at innocent people across 
Russia. They also targeted fundamental human rights and democratic 
values, which are cherished by Russia and other members of the 
international community. We must not allow terrorists to achieve their 
underlying objective, which is to undermine democratic institutions and 
individual freedoms.
    People across Russia who have been affected by these attacks are now 
beginning the hard task of rebuilding their lives. Their courage and 
resilience sets an example for all of us. President Yeltsin and Prime 
Minister Putin have also made important appeals to their countrymen that 
these attacks should not lead to new incidents of intolerance or bigotry 
and that the public should remain calm and unified in response.

[[Page 1762]]

    In the days and weeks ahead, we will intensify our cooperation with 
Russian authorities to help prevent terrorist acts. The struggle against 
terrorism is a long and difficult road, but we must not lose our 
resolve. America stands ready to work with Russia to protect our 
citizens from this common threat.

Note: In this statement, the President referred to President Boris 
Yeltsin and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin of Russia.