Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 45 (Monday, November 15, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 45 (Monday, November 15, 1999)]
[Pages 2371-2372]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved By the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved November 8

H.R. 1175 / Public Law 106-89

To locate and secure the return of Zachary Baumel, a United States 
citizen, and other Israeli soldiers missing in action

H.J. Res. 62 / Public Law 106-90

To grant the consent of Congress to the boundary change between Georgia 
and South Carolina
Approved November 9

S. 437 / Public Law 106-91

To designate the United States courthouse under construction at 333 Las 
Vegas Boulevard South in Las Vegas, Nevada, as the ``Lloyd D. George 
United States Courthouse''

S. 1652 / Public Law 106-92

To designate the Old Executive Office Building located at 17th Street 
and Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, in Washington, District of Columbia, as the 
``Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building''
Approved November 10

H.J. Res. 76 / Public Law 106-93

Waiving certain enrollment requirements for the remainder of the first 
session of the One Hundred Sixth Congress with respect to any bill or 
joint resolution making general appropriations or continuing 
appropriations for fiscal year 2000

H.J. Res. 78 / Public Law 106-94

Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2000, and 
for other purposes
Approved November 12

H.R. 441 / Public Law 106-95

Nursing Relief for Disadvantaged Areas Act of 1999

H.R. 609 / Public Law 106-96

To amend the Export Apple and Pear Act to limit the applicability of the 
Act to apples

[[Page 2372]]

H.R. 915 / Public Law 106-97

To authorize a cost of living adjustment in the pay of administrative 
law judges

H.R. 974 / Public Law 106-98

District of Columbia College Access Act of 1999

H.R. 2303 / Public Law 106-99

History of the House Awareness and Preservation Act

H.R. 3122 / Public Law 106-100

To permit the enrollment in the House of Representatives Child Care 
Center of children of Federal employees who are not employees of the 
legislative branch

H.J. Res. 54 / Public Law 106-101

Granting the consent of Congress to the Missouri-Nebraska Boundary 
Compact

S. 900 / Public Law 106-102

Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Approved November 13

H.R. 348 / Public Law 106-103

To authorize the construction of a monument to honor those who have 
served the Nation's civil defense and emergency management programs

H.R. 3061 / Public Law 106-104

To amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to extend for an additional 
2 years the period for admission of an alien as a nonimmigrant under 
section 101(a)(15)(S) of such Act, and to authorize appropriations for 
the refugee assistance program under chapter 2 of title IV of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act