Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 49 (Monday, December 13, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 49 (Monday, December 13, 1999)]
[Pages 2575-2576]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Acts Approved by the President

________________________________________________________________________


Approved December 6

H.R. 459 / Public Law 106-121

To extend the deadline under the Federal Power Act for FERC Project No. 
9401, the Mt. Hope Waterpower Project

H.R. 1094 / Public Law 106-122

To amend the Federal Reserve Act to broaden the range of discount window 
loans which may be used as collateral for Federal reserve notes

H.R. 1191 / Public Law 106-123

To designate certain facilities of the United States Postal Service in 
Chicago, Illinois

H.R. 1251 / Public Law 106-124

To designate the United States Postal Service building located at 8850 
South 700 East, Sandy, Utah, as the ``Noal Cushing Bateman Post Office 
Building''

H.R. 1327 / Public Law 106-125

To designate the United States Postal Service building located at 34480 
Highway 101 South in Cloverdale, Oregon, as the ``Maurine B. Neuberger 
United States Post Office''

H.R. 3373 / Public Law 106-126

To require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in conjunction 
with the minting of coins by the Republic of Iceland in commemoration of 
the millennium of the discovery of the New World by Leif Ericson

H.J. Res. 85 / Public Law 106-127

Appointing the day for the convening of the second session of the One 
Hundred Sixth Congress

S. 574 / Public Law 106-128

To direct the Secretary of the Interior to make corrections to a map 
relating to the Coastal Barrier Resources System

S. 580 / Public Law 106-129

Healthcare Research and Quality Act of 1999

S. 1418 / Public Law 106-130

To provide for the holding of court at Natchez, Mississippi, in the same 
manner as court is held at Vicksburg, Mississippi, and for other 
purposes
Approved December 7

H.R. 449 / Public Law 106-131

Gateway Visitor Center Authorization Act of 1999

H.R. 592 / Public Law 106-132

To designate a portion of Gateway National Recreation Area as ``World 
War Veterans Park at Miller Field''

H.R. 747 / Public Law 106-133

Arizona Statehood and Enabling Act Amendments of 1999

H.R. 748 / Public Law 106-134

To amend the Act that established the Keweenaw National Historical Park 
to require the Secretary of the Interior to consider nominees of various 
local interests in appointing members of the Keweenaw National 
Historical Park Advisory Commission

H.R. 791 / Public Law 106-135

Star-Spangled Banner National Historic Trail Study Act of 1999

H.R. 970 / Public Law 106-136

Perkins County Rural Water System Act of 1999

H.R. 1794 / Public Law 106-137

Concerning the participation of Taiwan in the World Health Organization 
(WHO)

H.R. 2979 / Public Law 106-138

Terry Peak Land Transfer Act of 1999

H.R. 2886 / Public Law 106-139

To amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an adopted 
alien who is less than 18 years of age may be considered

[[Page 2576]]

a child under such Act if adopted with or after a sibling who is a child 
under such Act

H.R. 2889 / Public Law 106-140

To amend the Central Utah Project Completion Act to provide for 
acquisition of water and water rights for Central Utah Project purposes, 
completion of Central Utah project facilities, and implementation of 
water conservation measures

H.R. 3257 / Public Law 106-141

State Flexibility Clarification Act

H.J. Res. 65 / Public Law 106-142

Commending the World War II veterans who fought in the Battle of the 
Bulge and for other purposes

S. 28 / Public Law 106-143

Four Corners Interpretive Center Act

S. 416 / Public Law 106-144

To direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey to the city of Sisters, 
Oregon, a certain parcel of land for use in connection with a sewage 
treatment facility
Approved December 9

H.R. 15 / Public Law 106-145

Otay Mountain Wilderness Act of 1999

H.R. 658 /  Public Law 106-146

Thomas Cole National Historic Site Act

H.R. 1104 / Public Law 106-147

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to transfer administrative 
jurisdiction over land within the boundaries of the Home of Franklin D. 
Roosevelt National Historic Site to the Archivist of the United States 
for the construction of a visitor center

H.R. 1528 / Public Law 106-148

National Geologic Mapping Reauthorization Act of 1999

H.R. 1619 / Public Law 106-149

Quinebaug and Shetucket Rivers Valley National Heritage Corridor 
Reauthorization Act of 1999

H.R. 1665 / Public Law 106-150

To allow the National Park Service to acquire certain land for addition 
to the Wilderness Battlefield in Virginia, as previously authorized by 
law, by purchase or exchange as well as by donation

H.R. 1693 / Public Law 106-151

To amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to clarify the overtime 
exemption for employees engaged in fire protection activities

H.R. 1887 / Public Law 106-152

To amend title 18, United States Code, to punish the depiction of animal 
cruelty

H.R. 1932 / Public Law 106-153

Father Theodore M. Hesburgh Congressional Gold Medal Act

H.R. 2140 / Public Law 106-154

To improve protection and management of the Chattahoochee River National 
Recreation Area in the State of Georgia

H.R. 2401 / Public Law 106-155

U.S. Holocaust Assets Commission Extension Act of 1999

H.R. 2632 / Public Law 106-156

Dugger Mountain Wilderness Act of 1999

H.R. 2737 / Public Law 106-157

To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the State of 
Illinois certain Federal land associated with the Lewis and Clark 
National Historic Trail to be used as an historic and interpretive site 
along the trail

H.R. 3381 / Public Law 106-158

Export Enhancement Act of 1999

H.R. 3419 / Public Law 106-159

Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999

H.R. 3456 / Public Law 106-160

To amend statutory damages provisions of title 17, United States Code

H.J. Res. 46 / Public Law 106-161

Conferring status as an honorary vetaran of the United States Armed 
Forces on Zachary Fisher

S. 67 / Public Law 106-162

To designate the headquarters building of the Department of Housing and 
Urban Development in Washington, District of Columbia, as the ``Robert 
C. Weaver Federal Building''

S. 438 / Public Law 106-163

Chippewa Cree Tribe of The Rocky Boy's Reservation Indian Reserved Water 
Rights Settlement and Water Supply Enhancement Act of 1999

S. 548 / Public Law 106-164

Fallen Timbers Battlefield and Fort Miamis National Historic Site Act of 
1999

S. 791 / Public Law 106-165

Women's Business Centers Sustainability Act of 1999

S. 1595 / Public Law 106-166

To designate the United States courthouse at 401 West Washington Street 
in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ``Sandra Day O'Connor United States 
Courthouse''

S. 1866 / Public Law 106-167

John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Act