Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 22 (Monday, June 7, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 22 (Monday, June 7, 1999)]
[Pages 1008-1009]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Radio Remarks on Memorial Day

May 31, 1999

    Since the Civil War, Memorial Day has been a time for Americans to 
take a moment from our busy lives to remember the brave men and women 
who gave their lives in service to our Nation.
    This has been a century of great progress for the United States, but 
we must never forget that it came with a heavy price. At home and 
abroad, our victories over adversity were made possible by those who 
were prepared to make the ultimate sacrifice, and those who did make 
that sacrifice.
    Today most Americans will enjoy a well deserved day off from the 
cares of work and school; we'll relax at home and cherish the company of 
loved ones. But as we contemplate the comforts and blessings of our 
lives and the well being of our Nation, I ask you to pause just for a 
moment to remember

[[Page 1009]]

those who gave their lives to protect the values that give meaning to 
our lives. I ask you also to think of our men and women in uniform who 
are risking their lives in the skies over Serbia, so that our children 
may inhabit a world where people are not murdered and driven from their 
homes because of their faith or their heritage.
    As our Armed Forces and our Allies strive to build peace in the 
Balkans, and in other places far from America's shores, let us all join 
in thanking them for all they do every day to defend our freedom.

Note: The President's remarks were recorded at 5:31 p.m. on May 30 at 
the White Oak Plantation in Yulee, FL, for later broadcast. The 
transcript was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on May 31, 
but due to technical difficulties the audio version of this radio 
actuality was not made available.