Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 33 (Monday, August 23, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 33 (Monday, August 23, 1999)]
[Page 1635]
[Online from the Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Military Assistance to the Economic Community of West 
African States' Monitoring Group

August 13, 1999

Presidential Determination No. 99-34

Memorandum for the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense

Subject: Determination to Authorize the Furnishing of Nonlethal 
Emergency Military Assistance to the States Participating in the 
Economic Community of West African States' Monitoring Group (ECOMOG) 
Under Section 506(a)(1) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as 
Amended

    Pursuant to the authority vested in me by section 506(a)(1) of the 
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, 22 U.S.C. 2318(a)(1) (the 
``Act''), I hereby determine that:
(1)         an unforeseen emergency exists that requires immediate 
            military assistance to states currently participating in, 
            and to states that may in the future participate in, ECOMOG; 
            and
(2)         the emergency requirement cannot be met under the authority 
            of the Arms Export Control Act or any other law except 
            section 506(a)(1) of the Act.
    Therefore, I direct the drawdown from the inventory and resources of 
the Department of Defense of an aggregate value not to exceed $3 million 
in defense articles from the stocks of the Department of Defense, 
defense services of the Department of Defense, and military education 
and training, to provide drawdown assistance to the states currently 
participating (Nigeria, Ghana, Sierra Leone, Mali, and Guinea), and to 
those states that in the future may participate, in ECOMOG to enhance 
ECOMOG's capabilities to participate in efforts to restore peace and 
security in Sierra Leone.
    The Secretary of State is authorized and directed to report this 
determination to the Congress and to arrange for its publication in the 
Federal Register.
                                            William J. Clinton

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
August 16.