Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 47 (Monday, November 29, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 47 (Monday, November 29, 1999)]
[Pages 2449-2450]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 20

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton traveled from 
Athens, Greece, to Florence, Italy.

November 21

    In the evening, the President traveled to Sofia, Bulgaria.

November 22

    In the morning, the President participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony at the Bulgarian Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a discussion with 
students from the American University of Bulgaria at the Down the Alley, 
Behind the Cupboard Restaurant.
    The President announced his intention to appoint David J. Hickton as 
a member of the President's Advisory Committee on the Arts of the John 
F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.

November 23

    In the morning, the President traveled to Pristina, Kosovo, where he 
attended two meetings at the Pristina Airport. First, he met with U.N. 
Special Representative Bernard Kouchner and the German Commander of 
KFOR, Gen. Klaus Reinhardt,

[[Page 2450]]

and then he met with the Kosovo Transitional Council. Later, the 
President traveled to Ferizaj, Kosovo.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced the following organizations as winners of 
the 1999 Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award: STMicroelectronics, 
Inc.--Region Americas (Carrollton, TX; manufacturing); BI (Minneapolis, 
MN; service); the Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. (Atlanta, GA; 
service); and Sunny Fresh Foods (Monticello, MN; small business/
manufacturing).
    The President declared a major disaster in the U.S. Virgin Islands 
and ordered Federal aid to supplement territory and local recovery 
efforts in the area struck by Hurricane Lenny on November 17 and 
continuing.

November 24

    In the afternoon, the President and Hillary Clinton went to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rhonda Walters as a 
member of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.