Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35 Issue 12 (Monday, March 29, 1999)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 35, Number 12 (Monday, March 29, 1999)]
[Pages 511-512]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Memorandum on Delegation of Authority

March 23, 1999

Memorandum for the Secretary of State

Subject: Delegation of Authority Under Section 577 of the Foreign 
Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 
1999 (as enacted in Public Law 105-277)

    By virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws 
of the United States of America, including section 301 of title 3 of the 
United States Code, I hereby delegate the functions and authorities 
conferred upon the President by section 577 of the Foreign Operations, 
Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1999 (as 
enacted in Public Law 105-277) to the Secretary of State, who is 
authorized to

[[Page 512]]

redelegate these functions and authorities consistent with applicable 
law. This delegation shall apply to the enterprise funds established by 
the Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989, Public Law 
101-179, as amended, and the FREEDOM Support Act, Public Law 102-511, as 
amended. The functions and authorities under section 577 shall be 
exercised in consultation with the Assistant to the President for 
National Security Affairs and the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget.
    Any reference in this memorandum to the provision of any Act shall 
be deemed to include references to any hereafter-enacted provision of 
law that is the same or substantially the same as such provision.
    You are authorized and directed to publish this memorandum in the 
Federal Register.
                                            William J. Clinton

[Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., March 26, 
1999]

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
March 24, and it was published in the Federal Register on March 29.