Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 26 (Monday, July 7, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 26 (Monday, July 7, 2008)]
[Pages 945-947]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 28

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President declared an emergency in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area 
struck by wildfires beginning June 20 and continuing.

June 29

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

[[Page 946]]

June 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with print journalists.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Illinois by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
emergency protective measures undertaken as a result of the severe 
storms and flooding beginning on June 1 and continuing.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Wisconsin by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
emergency protective measures undertaken as a result of the severe 
storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on June 5 and continuing.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Missouri by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
emergency protective measures undertaken as a result of the severe 
storms and flooding beginning on June 1 and continuing.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to Iowa 
by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for emergency 
protective measures undertaken as a result of the severe storms, 
tornadoes, and flooding beginning on May 25 and continuing.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Indiana by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
emergency protective measures undertaken as a result of the severe 
storms and flooding beginning on June 6 and continuing.

July 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Jackson, MS, arriving in the afternoon. Upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Cameron Fox and military personnel and 
their families.
    Later in the afternoon, at a private residence, the President 
attended a Mississippi Victory Committee and Senator Roger Wicker 
fundraiser luncheon. Later, he traveled to North Little Rock, AR, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Robbie Powell.
    In the late afternoon, the President traveled to Little Rock, AR, 
where, at a private residence, he attended an Arkansas Victory 2008 
reception. While leaving Little Rock, he stopped to meet individuals 
attending a birthday party for 7-year-old Marby Meadors.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Hastings to 
be Assistant Secretary of Defense (Public Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to designate Gordon S. Heddell 
as Acting Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Defense.

July 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in separate interviews 
with foreign print and television journalists. Later, he had a telephone 
conversation with President Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia to 
congratulate him on the rescue of 15 hostages from the Revolutionary 
Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC).

July 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister 
Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. He then traveled to the National Naval Medical 
Center in Bethesda, MD.
    Later in the morning, at the National Naval Medical Center, the 
President participated in an interview with Mike Emanuel of FOX News. 
Then, also at the National Naval Medical Center, he visited with wounded 
U.S. military personnel and presented Purple Heart medals to service 
members.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani of Pakistan to the White House on July 
28.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
travel to South Korea, Thailand, and China in August.

[[Page 947]]