Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 41 (Monday, October 20, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 41 (Monday, October 20, 2008)]
[Pages 1358-1359]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 1359]]

    In the evening, at the International Monetary Fund building, the 
President met with G-20 finance ministers and central bank governors.

October 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, on the North Portico, the President and Mrs. Bush 
greeted Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy. Later, in the East 
Room, they and Prime Minister Berlusconi viewed entertainment.

October 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with Prime Minister Gordon Brown 
of the United Kingdom, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, and 
President Nicolas Sarkozy of France to discuss the global financial 
markets situation. Then, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with the 
President's Working Group on Financial Markets.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President participated 
in a bill signing ceremony for S. 3001, the Duncan Hunter National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009. Later, he traveled to 
Arlington, VA, where, at the Pentagon, he participated in Defense 
Department briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia to the White House on October 22.

October 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a meeting with Vice President Dick Cheney, who updated him on his 
heart condition and his upcoming hospital visit. Later, he traveled to 
Grand Rapids, MI, arriving in the afternoon. While en route aboard Air 
Force One, he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Stephen 
Harper of Canada to congratulate him on his October 14 election victory 
and discuss the global financial markets situation.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Cindy Leep. He then traveled to Ada, MI, where, at Schnitz Ada 
Grill, he had lunch with local business leaders. Later, at a private 
residence, he attended a Congressional Trust 2008 reception. He then 
returned to Washington, DC.

October 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the State Department, he attended several briefings and met with 
State Department employees.

October 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.