Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 23 (Monday, June 16, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 23 (Monday, June 16, 2008)]
[Pages 838-839]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 7

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

June 8

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

June 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Ljubljana Joze Pucnik Airport, Slovenia, arriving in the 
evening. While en route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an 
interview with Gerard Baker and Tom Baldwin of the Times.
    Later in the evening, upon arrival at Ljubljana Joze Pucnik Airport, 
the President participated in a greeting with Prime Minister Janez Jansa 
of Slovenia. He then traveled to the Kokra Hotel in Kranj, Slovenia.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 6 and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Bruce 
Donley to be Secretary of the Air Force and designate him as Acting 
Secretary of the Air Force.

June 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Brdo Castle, where he met separately with President 
Danilo Turk and Prime Minister Janez Jansa of Slovenia. He then returned 
to the Kokra Hotel, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush met with U.S. 
Embassy staff and their families. He then returned to Brdo Castle, where 
he participated in a photo opportunity and met with European Union 
leaders. Later, he traveled to the Brdo Congress Centre, where, in the 
Splendens Room, he participated in the EU-U.S. summit.
    In the afternoon, in the Glass Hall at the Brdo Congress Centre, the 
President participated in the EU-U.S. summit working lunch. Later, he 
returned to Brdo Castle, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush. Then, on the 
South Lawn of Brdo Castle, they viewed the Lipizzaner Horse Exhibition.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Ljubljana Joze Pucnik Airport, where they, Prime Minister Jansa, and his 
fiancee, Urska Bacovnik, participated in photo opportunities and met 
with Slovenian military personnel. They then traveled to Meseberg, 
Germany, arriving in the evening.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Schloss Meseberg, where they had dinner with Chancellor Angela Merkel of 
Germany and her husband, Joachim Sauer.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frederick S. Celec 
to be Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and 
Biological Defense Programs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Melvin Jones 
to be Ambassador to Guyana.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Commission on White House 
Fellowships: Dionel M. Aviles; Ari Bousbib; Amy Woods Brinkley; Deirdre 
P. Connelly; Louis DeJoy; George M. Drysdale; John H. Frey; Trey 
Grayson; Frederick D. Gregory; Mark F. Hearne II; Thomas C. Leppert; 
Catherine J. Martin; Roger B. Porter; Amy Tuck; and Dennis Zeleny.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Brig. Gen. Errol R. 
Schwartz as

[[Page 839]]

Commanding General of the Militia of the District of Columbia.

June 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Garden Salon of Schloss Meseberg, he and Mrs. Bush had breakfast 
with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany.
    In the afternoon, in the Garden at Schloss Meseberg, the President 
had lunch with Chancellor Merkel. Later, he traveled to Rome, Italy. He 
then traveled to the Villa Taverna, the official residence of U.S. 
Ambassador to Italy Ronald P. Spogli.

June 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to the Villa Aurelia at the American Academy.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Quirinale Palace, where, 
in the President's Office, he met with President Giorgio Napolitano of 
Italy. Then, in the Mirror Room, they had lunch. Later, he returned to 
the Villa Taverna.
    During the day, the President was briefed on the June 11 storms and 
flooding in the Midwest.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Villa Madama, where, 
in the Dining Room, he had a working dinner with Prime Minister Silvio 
Berlusconi of Italy. Later, he returned to the Villa Taverna.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Sison 
to be Ambassador to Lebanon.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Christopher 
Swan to be Ambassador to Djibouti.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Carole Jean Jordan 
as Chairperson of the National Women's Business Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Florence Shapiro as 
a member of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the National Cancer Advisory Board: Victoria 
Lee Champion; William H. Goodwin, Jr.; Waun Ki Hong; Judith Salmon Kaur; 
Mary Vaughan Lester; Herbert Kim Lyerly; and Jennifer A. Pietenpol.
    The President announced his intention to designate Carolyn D. 
Runowicz as Chairman of the National Cancer Advisory Board.

June 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the Vatican, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush. They then 
participated in a greeting with Pope Benedict XVI.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Pope Benedict XVI. They 
then toured the Vatican Gardens. Later, they and Mrs. Bush attended a 
cultural performance.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Paris, 
France. Later, he traveled to the Organization for Economic Cooperation 
and Development headquarters. He then traveled to the American Embassy 
Residence.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Elysee 
Palace, where he participated in an arrival ceremony with President 
Nicolas Sarkozy of France. They then had dinner with President Sarkozy 
and his wife, Carla Bruni. Later, they returned to the American Embassy 
Residence.
    The President declared a major disaster in Montana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm on May 1 and 2.