Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43 Issue 53 (Monday, January 7, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 43, Number 53 (Monday, January 7, 2008)]
[Page 1649]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 29

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

December 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Alvaro Uribe Velez of 
Colombia.

January 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the afternoon.

January 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a video teleconference with President Hamid Karzai of 
Afghanistan. He then met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jan Cellucci, 
William J. Hagenah, and Mark Y. Herring to be members of the National 
Museum and Library Services Board.
    The President announced that he has nominated the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on the Humanities: 
Jamsheed K. Chosky; Dawn Ho Delbanco; Gary D. Glenn; David Hertz; Marvin 
Bailey Scott; and Carol M. Swain.

January 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with Bret Baier of FOX News. Then, in 
the Oval Office, he participated in a roundtable interview with Reuters.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in another interview 
with Bret Baier of FOX News.
    The President announced his intention to designate Jeffrey Leigh 
Sedgwick as Acting Assistant Attorney General (Office of Justice 
Programs).

January 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with King Abdullah II of Jordan.
    The President declared a major disaster in Iowa and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
a severe winter storm on December 10-11.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Julia W. Bland to 
be a member of the National Museum and Library Services Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Richard Stickler 
as Acting Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health.
    The President announced that he has named Janet Weir Creighton as 
Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of Intergovernmental 
Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Chris Frech as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Daniel McCardell as 
Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Public 
Liaison.
    The President announced that he has named Emory Rounds as Associate 
Counsel to the President.