Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 21 (Monday, June 2, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 21 (Monday, June 2, 2008)]
[Pages 765-766]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 24

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

May 25

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

May 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Arlington, VA, where they participated in a 
Memorial Day wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns in 
Arlington National Cemetery.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Colorado and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on May 22.

May 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Kirtland Air Force Base, NM, where, upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Fran MacIntyre.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Los Ranchos de 
Albuquerque, NM, where, at a private residence, he attended a White for 
Congress and New Mexico Victory luncheon. Later, he traveled to Phoenix, 
AZ, where, upon arrival, he met with four generations of Eagle Scouts: 
Thomas S. Boggess, Jr., Thomas S. Boggess III, Thomas S. Boggess IV, and 
Thomas S. Boggess V. He then met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Tamara 
Skinner.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Mesa, AZ. He then 
returned to Phoenix, AZ, where, at a private residence, he attended a 
McCain for President and Republican National Committee Victory 
reception.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Colorado Springs, CO.
    The President declared a major disaster in Iowa and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on May 25 and 
continuing.

[[Page 766]]

    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Leon H. Sullivan 
Summit VIII in Arusha, Tanzania, on June 2: Dirk Kempthorne (head of 
delegation); Mark A. Green; Jendayi E. Frazer; John A. Simon; Michael S. 
Steele; Edward W. ``Ward'' Brehm III; and Melinda Doolittle.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Culbertson 
to be Ambassador to the Netherlands.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Stuart 
Symington to be Ambassador to Rwanda.

May 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the U.S. Air Force Academy, where he participated in a 
photo opportunity with members of the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Salt Lake City, UT, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Richard 
Pehrson. Then, at a private residence, he attended a McCain for 
President and Republican National Committee Victory reception. Later, he 
traveled to Park City, UT.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
McCain for President and Republican National Committee Victory 
reception.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on April 4.

May 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Worldwide 
Headquarters in Salt Lake City, UT, where he met with Thomas S. Monson, 
president, Henry B. Eyring, first counselor, and Dieter F. Uchtdorf, 
second counselor, Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He then 
traveled to Olathe, KS, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Ashley Knight.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Bucyrus, KS, 
where, at a private residence, he attended a Nick Jordan for Congress 
and Kansas Victory reception. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines to the White House on June 
24.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alan W. Eastham, 
Jr., to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for Public Broadcasting: Lori Gilbert; Cheryl Feldman Halpern; David J. 
Pryor; Bruce M. Ramer; and Liz Sembler.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Don A. Christiansen 
as a member of the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Arnold Fields as 
Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction.
    The President announced his intention to designate Clay Lowery as 
Acting U.S. Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank.

May 30

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to discuss Pakistan-U.S. 
relations and the war on terror. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from April 23-26.