Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 2 (Monday, January 21, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 2 (Monday, January 21, 2008)]
[Pages 87-89]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 12

    In the morning, at Bayan Palace Guest House in Kuwait City, Kuwait, 
the President had an intelligence briefing. He then traveled to Camp 
Arifjan, Kuwait, where, in a briefing room, he met with Gen. David H. 
Petraeus, USA, commanding general, Multi-National Force--Iraq, and U.S. 
Ambassador to Iraq Ryan C. Crocker. Later, he toured the Operations 
Center.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the U.S. Embassy in 
Kuwait City.
    In the afternoon, the President met with U.S. Embassy personnel and 
their families. Later, he traveled to Kuwait International Airport, 
where, upon arrival, he participated in a greeting with Amir Sabah al-
Ahmad al-Jabir al-Sabah of Kuwait. He then traveled to Manama, Bahrain, 
where, upon arrival at

[[Page 88]]

Bahrain International Airport, he participated in a greeting with King 
Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa of Bahrain.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Sakhir Palace. 
Later, he traveled to the Ritz-Carlton, Bahrain Hotel, where, in the Al 
Noor Room, he met with U.S. Embassy personnel and their families.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to discuss his Middle East trip. Later, he met 
with King Hamad. They then had a working dinner.

January 13

    In the morning, the President traveled to Naval Support Activity 
Bahrain, where, in the multipurpose room, he had breakfast with U.S. 
military personnel. Later, he traveled to Abu Dhabi, United Arab 
Emirates, where, at Abu Dhabi International Airport, he participated in 
a greeting with President Khalifa bin Zayid al-Nuhayyan of the United 
Arab Emirates.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Al Mushref Palace, 
where he participated in an arrival ceremony with President Khalifa.
    In the afternoon, in the Al Etihad Majlis of Al Mushref Palace, the 
President met with President Khalifa. Then, in the Dining Room, they had 
lunch. Later, he traveled to the Emirates Palace Hotel.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to the Falcon Farm of 
the Desert Encampment, where he had dinner with Crown Prince of Abu 
Dhabi Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
    In the evening, the President returned to the Emirates Palace Hotel.

January 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
participated in an interview with Greta Van Susteren of FOX News. Later, 
in the ballroom of the Emirates Palace Hotel, he met with U.S. Embassy 
personnel and their families.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates, where, upon arrival at Dubai International Airport, he 
participated in a greeting with Vice President and Prime Minister 
Muhammad bin Rashid al-Maktum of the United Arab Emirates. He then 
toured the Sheikh Saeed Al Maktoum House.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Sheikh Mohammed 
Centre for Cultural Understanding, where he had lunch with Dubai School 
of Government students. He then traveled to the Burj Al Arab Hotel. 
Later, he returned to Dubai International Airport, where, in the Royal 
Airwing, he met with U.S. Embassy personnel and their families.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Riyadh, Saudi 
Arabia. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone 
conversation with President-elect Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia to 
congratulate him on his election victory. Upon arrival at King Khaled 
International Airport, he participated in an arrival ceremony with King 
Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia. He then traveled to 
Nasiriya Guest Palace.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Riyadh Palace, where he 
had dinner and met with King Abdallah. Later, he returned to Nasiriya 
Guest Palace.

January 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the U.S. Embassy Riyadh where, in the lobby, he met with 
Embassy personnel and their families. He then visited Al Murabba Palace 
and National History Museum.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Nasiriya Guest 
Palace.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Al Janadriyah Farm 
in Al Janadriyah, Saudi Arabia. Upon arrival, he participated in a photo 
opportunity with King Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia. 
They then toured the farm.
    In the evening, the President had dinner and met with King Abdallah.

January 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a traditional breakfast with King Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al 
Saud of Saudi Arabia. He then returned to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

[[Page 89]]

    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Four Seasons 
Resort in Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with President Mohamed 
Hosni Mubarak of Egypt. Later, he traveled to Sharm el-Sheikh 
International Airport, where he participated in a greeting with 
President Mubarak. He then returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the 
evening.

January 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Secretary of the Treasury Henry 
M. Paulson, Jr., had a conference call with congressional leaders. 
Later, in the East Room, he met with Republican National Committee 
members.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nelson M. Ford to 
be Under Secretary of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Joxel Garcia to be 
Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service and 
Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services (Health).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey J. Grieco 
to be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development (Legislative and Public Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the National 
Board of Education Sciences: Jonathan Baron; Frank Philip Handy; Sally 
Epstein Shaywitz; and Joanne Weiss.
    The President announced his intention to appoint H.H. Barlow, 
William DeLauder, and Keith W. Eckel as members of the Board for 
International Food and Agricultural Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert A. Easter as 
Chairman of the Board for International Food and Agricultural 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John M. Townsend as 
a member of the Panel of Arbitrators of the International Centre for 
Settlement of Investment Disputes.

January 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Frederick, MD. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    During the day, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with former 
Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger, former Prime Minister Yevgeniy 
Maksimovich Primakov of Russia, and senior American and Russian 
statesmen and policy experts to discuss Russia-U.S. relations.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Tbilisi, Georgia, to attend 
the inauguration of Mikheil Saakashvili as President of Georgia on 
January 20: Carlos M. Gutierrez (head of delegation); and John F. Tefft.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to Auckland, New Zealand, to 
attend the state funeral of Sir Edmund Hillary on January 22: Mary A. 
Bomar (head of delegation); William P. McCormick; and Jim Whittaker.