Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 20 (Monday, May 26, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 20 (Monday, May 26, 2008)]
[Pages 715-716]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency With 
Respect to Burma

May 16, 2008

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. I have sent the enclosed notice to the Federal 
Register for publication, stating that the Burma emergency is to 
continue beyond May 20, 2008.
    The crisis between the United States and Burma arising from the 
actions and policies of the Government of Burma, including its

[[Page 716]]

engaging in large-scale repression of the democratic opposition in 
Burma, that led to the declaration of a national emergency on May 20, 
1997, and its expansion on October 18, 2007, and April 30, 2008, has not 
been resolved. These actions and policies are hostile to U.S. interests 
and pose a continuing unusual and extraordinary threat to the national 
security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I 
have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency 
with respect to Burma and maintain in force the sanctions against Burma 
to respond to this threat. This action does not inhibit any efforts on 
the part of the United States to provide humanitarian assistance to the 
people of Burma in the aftermath of Cyclone Nargis.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 May 16, 2008.

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
May 17.