Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 50 (Monday, December 22, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 50 (Monday, December 22, 2008)]
[Pages 1574-1575]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Baghdad, Iraq, arriving 
the following afternoon.
    The President declared an emergency in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local response efforts in the 
area struck by a severe winter storm beginning on December 11 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm beginning on December 11 and continuing.

December 14

    In the afternoon, at Salam Palace, the President met with President 
Jalal Talabani and Vice Presidents Adil Abd Al-Mahdi and Tariq al-
Hashimi of Iraq.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Prime Minister's 
palace, where he met with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. Later, 
he participated in an interview with ABC News. He then traveled to Camp 
Victory.
    Later in the evening, the President traveled to Bagram Air Force 
Base, Afghanistan, arriving the following morning.

December 15

    In the morning, the President traveled to the Presidential Palace in 
Kabul, Afghanistan. Later, President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan awarded 
him the Ghazi Amir Amanullah Khan Insignia. He then returned to Bagram 
Air Force Base, where he met with U.S. Special Forces personnel.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the afternoon. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had 
an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by a 
severe winter storm beginning on December 11 and continuing.

December 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority to the White 
House on December 19.

December 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Carlisle, PA, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, at the U.S. Army War College, the President 
met with Army

[[Page 1575]]

War College students. He then returned to Washington, DC.

December 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Special Envoy to Sudan Richard S. Williamson to discuss the 
situation in Darfur and the status of the proposed North-South peace 
agreement.
    The President declared an emergency in New York and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
a severe winter storm beginning on December 11 and continuing.

December 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Grand Foyer, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with recipients of the 2007 Presidential Early 
Career Awards for Scientists and Engineers.