Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 48 (Monday, December 8, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 48 (Monday, December 8, 2008)]
[Pages 1485-1486]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 29

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

November 30

    In the afternoon, on the North Lawn, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in the presentation of the White House Christmas tree.

December 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he received an update on the terrorist attacks in 
Mumbai, India, followed by an update on the situation in Iraq.

December 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Greensboro, NC, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Donna Turner.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the President and 
Mrs. Bush attended an advance appreciation reception.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roszell Dulany 
Hunter to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brad Cole to be a 
member of the Corporation for National and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James W. Ceaser as 
a member of the National Historical Publications and Records Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board: B. 
John Garrick (and, upon approval, desginate him as Chair); William 
Howard Arnold; George Milton Hornberger; Andrew C. Kadak; Ali Mosleh; 
and Henry Petroski.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission To Study the Potential Creation 
of a National Museum of the American Latino: Anna Regula Haug de Cablik; 
Gilberto Cardenas; Doreen M. Colon Camacho; Dorene C. Dominguez; Jose B. 
Fernandez; Patrick Alexander Lopez Negrete; and Ricardo Romo.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Randolph D. Brock 
III and Frederic V. Malek as members of the Board of Visitors to the 
U.S. Military Academy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nancy L. Johnson 
and Albert Hawkins III as members of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. 
Naval Academy.

December 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with members of the Commission on Prevention of Weapons of Mass 
Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism.

December 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the State Floor and then in the Map Room, he participated in an 
interview with John Yang of NBC News.

[[Page 1486]]

December 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.