Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 29 (Monday, July 28, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 29 (Monday, July 28, 2008)]
[Pages 1029-1030]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 19

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

July 20

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

July 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with 
Catharine Aboulhouda, the 2008 March of Dimes national ambassador. Then, 
in the Library, he participated in an interview for a television tribute 
to Rev. Billy Graham.

July 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Marietta, GA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sherri Goggin. He 
then traveled to Atlanta, GA, where, at a private residence, he attended 
a Goddard-Georgia Victory Committee reception. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

July 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a bill signing ceremony for H.R. 
3403, the New and Emerging Technologies 911 Improvement Act of 2008. He 
then dropped by a meeting between National Security Adviser Stephen J. 
Hadley and Minister of Defense Juan Manuel Santos Calderon of Colombia.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Pentagon in 
Arlington, VA, where he participated in Defense Department briefings. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC. Then, in the East Room, he 
participated in a photo opportunity with the 2008 Boys and Girls Nation 
delegates.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President 
participated in a signing ceremony for a Presidential proclamation in 
honor of the 60th anniversary of U.S. Armed Forces integration. He then 
attended a reception for Deputy Chief of Staff Joe Hagin.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the closing ceremony 
of the Olympic games in Beijing, China, on August 24: Condoleezza Rice 
(head of delegation); Elaine L. Chao; Michael O. Leavitt; Clark T. 
Randt, Jr.; Karen P. Hughes; Peter V. Ueberroth; and Michelle Kwan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ambrose L. 
Schwallie to be a member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Maria Cino to be a 
member of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark J. Gerencser 
and David H. McIntyre to be members of the National Security Education 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Arctic Research Commission: Michele Longo 
Eder; Helvi K. Sandvik; Virgil L. Sharpton; Charles J. Vorosmarty; and 
Warren M. Zapol.

[[Page 1030]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark R. Dybul as a 
member of the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson International 
Center for Scholars.

July 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of 
India. Later, at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade 
Center, he met with democracy activists.
    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President participated in a 
photo opportunity with National and State Future Farmers of America 
(FFA) Organization officers.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
Hurricane Dolly beginning on July 22 and continuing.

July 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Peoria, IL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Roy Storey.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Schock for Congress and Congressional Trust 2008 reception. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.