Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 39 (Monday, October 6, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 39 (Monday, October 6, 2008)]
[Pages 1296-1297]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the South Lawn, he and Mrs. Bush participated in commemorative tree 
planting ceremonies with their daughter Jenna and her husband, Henry 
Hager.

September 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with several Republican Members 
of Congress to discuss proposed economic stabilization legislation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate G. David Banks to 
be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency 
(International Activities).
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Kelly to be 
Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration at 
the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Brent R. Benjamin 
as a member of the Cultural Property Advisory Committee.

September 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with Republican Presidential 
nominee John McCain and Democrat Presidential nominee Barack Obama to 
discuss proposed economic stabilization legislation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert W. McGowan 
to be a Governor of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.

October 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with several Members of Congress 
to discuss proposed economic stabilization legislation. He then had 
several meetings with his economic advisers.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Secretary of the 
Treasury Henry M. Paulson, Jr., and Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben 
S. Bernanke to discuss the financial markets and proposed economic 
stabilization legislation.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India to discuss the passage of H.R. 
7081, the United States-India Nuclear Cooperation Approval and 
Nonproliferation Enhancement Act.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ivan Gasparovic of Slovakia to the White House on October 9.
    The President declared a major disaster in Puerto Rico and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on September 21 and 
continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonathan R. 
Scharfen to be Director of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate F. Chase Hutto 
III as Acting Assistant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs and 
Domestic Policy).

October 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with several Members of the House of Representatives to discuss proposed 
economic stabilization legislation.

October 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the Treasury Department, the President met with 
Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, Jr., and Treasury Department 
employees. Later, he traveled to St. Louis, MO, where, at a private 
residence, he attended a Hulshof for Governor dinner.

[[Page 1297]]

    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with several Members of Congress to discuss proposed economic 
stabilization legislation.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Tillman Thomas of Grenada to the White House on October 8.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on September 6-7.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on September 13 and 
continuing.