Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 47 (Monday, December 1, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 47 (Monday, December 1, 2008)]
[Pages 1463-1464]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 22

    In the morning, at the JW Marriott Hotel Lima in Lima, Peru, the 
President had an intelligence briefing. He then traveled to the Ministry 
of Defense Convention Center. Later, he met with Prime Minister Taro Aso 
of Japan.
    Later in the morning, the President met with President Lee Myung-bak 
of South Korea. He then had a trilateral meeting with Prime Minister Aso 
and President Lee.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in APEC Leaders Retreat 
I. Later, he participated in the Leaders Dialogue with the APEC Business 
Advisory Council. He then returned to the JW Marriott Hotel Lima.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Ministry 
of Defense Convention Center, where they attended a gala dinner. Later, 
they returned to the JW Marriott Hotel.

November 23

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush met with U.S. Embassy 
staff and their families. Later, he traveled to the Ministry of Defense 
Convention Center, where he met with President Alan Garcia Perez of 
Peru. He then participated in APEC Leaders Retreat II.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in the APEC leaders 
official photograph. Later, he participated in the APEC Final 
Declaration Ceremony. He and Mrs. Bush then returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a 
telephone conversation with Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, 
Jr., to discuss the Citigroup bailout decision.

November 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with President-elect Barack Obama. Later, 
at the Treasury Department, he met with Secretary of the Treasury Henry 
M. Paulson, Jr., and other Cabinet officials.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with 2008 Nobel Prize recipients Paul Krugman, 
Martin Chalfie, and Roger Y. Tsien.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Louisiana by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for 
public assistance projects undertaken as a result of Hurricane Gustav 
that struck the State from September 1-11.

November 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Fort Campbell, KY, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer S. Sgt. Joshua Forbess, USA. Later, at Son Cafe, 
he had lunch with military personnel.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate John F. Mizroch 
as Acting Assistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy) 
at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to designate Kent D. Talbert 
as Acting Under Secretary of Education at the Department of Education.

November 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in an 
interview with the President's sister, Dorothy Bush Koch, as part of a 
StoryCorps project.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD. Later, they participated in an interview with Charles Gibson 
of ``ABC World News with Charles Gibson.''
    Later in the afternoon, the President received updates on the 
terrorist attacks in Mumbai, India.

[[Page 1464]]

    The President announced that he has named Judith A. Ansley as 
Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to Texas 
by authorizing an extension of 100 percent of Federal funding for debris 
removal, including direct Federal assistance, undertaken as a result of 
Hurricane Ike that struck the State from September 7 to October 2.

November 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India 
to discuss the terrorist attacks and ongoing situation in Mumbai, India. 
Later, he had several Thanksgiving holiday telephone conversations with 
members of the U.S. military.

November 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.