Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 41 (Monday, October 20, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 41 (Monday, October 20, 2008)]
[Pages 1352-1353]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Notice--Continuation of the National Emergency With Respect to 
Significant Narcotics Traffickers Centered in Colombia

October 16, 2008

    On October 21, 1995, by Executive Order 12978, the President 
declared a national emergency pursuant to the International Emergency 
Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701-1706) to deal with the unusual and 
extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and 
economy of the United States constituted by the actions of significant 
narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia, and the extreme level of 
violence, corruption, and harm such actions cause in the United States 
and abroad.
    Because the actions of significant narcotics traffickers centered in 
Colombia continue to threaten the national security, foreign policy, and 
economy of the United States and to cause an extreme level of violence, 
corruption, and harm in the United States and abroad, the national 
emergency declared on October 21, 1995, and the measures adopted 
pursuant thereto to deal with that emergency, must continue in effect 
beyond October 21, 2008. Therefore, in accordance with section 202(d) of 
the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)), I am continuing for 1 
year the national emergency with respect to significant narcotics 
traffickers centered in Colombia. This notice shall be published in the 
Federal Register and transmitted to the Congress.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 October 16, 2008.

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 11:15 a.m., October 17, 
2008]

[[Page 1353]]

Note: This notice was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
October 17, and it was published in the Federal Register on October 20.