Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 20 (Monday, May 26, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 20 (Monday, May 26, 2008)]
[Pages 747-749]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 748]]



May 17

    In the morning, at Al Janadriyah Farm in Al Janadriyah, Saudi 
Arabia, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then had 
breakfast with King Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia. 
Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt, where, upon 
arrival at Sharm el-Sheikh International Airport, they participated in a 
greeting with President Mohamed Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and his wife, 
Suzanne Thabet.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Four 
Seasons Resort, where he met with President Mubarak. They then had a 
working lunch. Later, he traveled to the Hyatt Regency Sharm El Sheikh.
    In the evening, the President had a working dinner with President 
Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority.

May 18

    In the morning, the President met with King Abdullah II of Jordan. 
He then met with Prime Minister Salam Fayyad of the Palestinian 
Authority.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Maritim Sharm El Sheikh International Congress Center. Later, they 
returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

May 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister 
Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, flooding, mudslides, and 
landslides on April 3 and 4.

May 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he and Mrs. Bush met with Japan's outgoing 
Ambassador to the U.S. Ryzo Kato and his wife, Hanayo.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
travel to Slovenia, Germany, Italy, the Holy See, France, and the United 
Kingdom from June 9-16.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes beginning on May 2 and 
continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Asif J. Chaudhry 
to be Ambassador to Moldova.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Husein A. Cumber 
to be a member of the Surface Transportation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tina S. Kaidanow 
to be Ambassador to Kosovo.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Grant S. Green and 
Dov S. Zakheim as members of the Commission on Wartime Contracting in 
Iraq and Afghanistan.

May 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Veterans of Foreign Wars National 
Commander-in-Chief George J. Lisicki.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Nasrallah Boutros Cardinal Sfeir, the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch and 
all the East.

May 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Pope Air Force Base, NC, where, upon arrival, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Amy Petrenko. He then traveled to Fort 
Bragg, NC, where he presented medals to soldiers and family members of 
soldiers killed in the war on terror.
    In the afternoon, the President toured Barracks C-4122 and C-5624. 
Later, at the 82d Airborne Division War Memorial Museum, he attended the 
All American Memorial Ceremony and the unveiling of the Global War on 
Terror Memorial. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm and record and near record snow on May 1 
and 2.

[[Page 749]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate David F. Girard-
diCarlo to be Ambassador to Austria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick J. Durkin 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private 
Investment Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael B. Bemis 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley 
Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John J. Faso, Joe 
Manchin III, and Harvey M. Tettlebaum to be members of the Board of 
Trustees of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Matthew S. 
Petersen to be a member of the Federal Election Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joseph Cascio as 
Federal Environmental Executive of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gary S. Becker, 
Lucille Shapiro, and Robert J. Zimmer as members of the President's 
Committee on the National Medal of Science.
    The President announced his intention to designate Matthew W. 
Friedrich as Acting Assistant Attorney General (Criminal Division).
    The President announced his intention to designate Jason J. Fichtner 
as Acting Deputy Commissioner of Social Security.
    The President announced his intention to designate Linda P.B. Katehi 
as Chairman of the President's Committee on the National Medal of 
Science.

May 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he participated in a Homeland Security Council 
meeting, where he was briefed on the upcoming hurricane season. Then, on 
the South Lawn, he participated in an interview with Neil Cavuto of FOX 
News.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President declared a major disaster in Georgia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on May 11 and 12.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on May 10 and 11.