Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 12 (Monday, March 31, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 12 (Monday, March 31, 2008)]
[Pages 447-449]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 22

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

[[Page 448]]

March 23

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, Jr., who updated him on the 
discussions between JPMorgan, Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., and the 
Federal Reserve.

March 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Situation Room, he participated in a National Security Council 
meeting, where he was briefed by U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan C. Crocker 
and Gen. David H. Petraeus, USA, commanding general, Multi-National 
Force--Iraq, via secure video teleconference.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Minister of External Affairs Pranab Mukherjee of India.

March 25

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gillani of Pakistan to congratulate him on his 
recent nomination and discuss Pakistan-U.S. relations and the war on 
terror. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa of Bahrain. Later, he 
traveled to McLean, VA, arriving in the evening.
    Later in the evening, at a private residence, the President attended 
a National Republican Senatorial Committee reception. He then returned 
to Washington, DC.

March 26

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hu Jintao of China. He then had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, he traveled to Arlington, VA, where, at the Pentagon, he 
participated in Defense Department briefings.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Sterling, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on March 18 
and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kameran L. Onley 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior (Water and Science).
    The President announced his intention to nominate A. Ellen Terpstra 
to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator in the Office of the U.S. Trade 
Representative, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to designate William E. 
Kovacic as Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission.

March 27

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Mohammed Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to express his condolences for 
the accidental death of a citizen who was killed in the Suez Canal by 
U.S. naval gunfire. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Dayton, OH.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Bellbrook, OH.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended an 
Ohio Victory 2008 reception. Later, he returned to Dayton, OH, where, at 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, he met with families of military 
personnel killed in the war on terror.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Pittsburgh, PA, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Lydia 
Humenycky. He then traveled to Sewickley, PA, where, at a private 
residence, he attended a Pennsylvania Victory reception.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an interview with the 
History Channel for the documentary ``Air Force One: Behind the 
Scenes.''

March 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Wrightstown, NJ, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Andrell

[[Page 449]]

Reid. Later, he traveled to Freehold, NJ, where, at Novadebt, he 
participated in a roundtable on the HOPE NOW Alliance. He then toured 
Novadebt.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome Prime Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom and his wife, 
Sarah, to the White House on April 17.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Luis Aguilar and 
Elisse B. Walter to be Commissioners of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marie L. 
Yovanovitch to be Ambassador to Armenia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Christopher A. 
Padilla as a member of the Congressional-Executive Commission on the 
People's Republic of China.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Alexa E. Posny as a 
member of the National Institute for Literacy Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Stephanie Johnson 
Monroe as Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation and Congressional 
Affairs at the Department of Education.