Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 36 (Monday, September 15, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 36 (Monday, September 15, 2008)]
[Pages 1202-1204]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 6

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

September 7

    The President declared an emergency in Florida and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts due to the emergency 
conditions resulting from Hurricane Ike beginning on September 5 and 
continuing.

September 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to Iowa 
by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for public 
assistance projects undertaken as a result of severe storms, tornadoes, 
and flooding that occurred from May 25 to August 13.

September 9

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan to congratulate him on his 
election victory and discuss Pakistan-U.S. relations. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the Department of the Interior, the President 
had lunch with Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne and met with 
Interior Department employees. He then visited Walter Reed Army Medical 
Center where he met with wounded military personnel and their families.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes from July 18 to August 16.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jerry Gayle 
Bridges to be Inspector

[[Page 1203]]

General of the Department of Education and designate him as Acting.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sean T. 
Connaughton to be Commissioner of the Federal Maritime Commission and, 
upon appointment, designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Pamela A. Redfield 
to be a member of the National Museum and Library Services Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint David Longly 
Bernhardt as U.S. Commissioner of the International Boundary Commission 
(United States and Canada).

September 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with the Big 
Sister of the Year, Miriam Mills.
    The President declared an emergency in Texas and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts due to the emergency 
conditions resulting from Hurricane Ike beginning on September 7 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Gustav beginning on August 29 and continuing.

September 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, at 
8:46 a.m., on the South Lawn, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a moment 
of silence to commemorate the seventh anniversary of the September 11, 
2001, terrorist attacks. Later, they traveled to Arlington, VA.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    During the day, in the Situation Room, the President participated in 
a briefing on Hurricane Ike. He also had a video teleconference with 
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff to discuss Hurricane 
Ike.
    The President declared an emergency in Louisiana and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts due to the emergency 
conditions resulting from Hurricane Ike beginning on September 7 and 
continuing.

September 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had separate telephone conversations with Secretary of Homeland Security 
Michael Chertoff and Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator 
R. David Paulison to discuss Hurricane Ike. Later, he traveled to Tinker 
Air Force Base, OK, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteers Karen Stark and Maj. Dan Rooney, USAF, Oklahoma Air National 
Guard.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Capt. Joe Castleberry, 
incident commander, Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office, who assisted with 
Hurricane Gustav recovery efforts in Louisiana. He then traveled to 
Oklahoma City, OK. Later, at a private residence, he attended a McCain 
for President and Republican National Committee Victory reception.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
travel to New York City, NY, to participate in the 63d United Nations 
General Assembly on September 22-24.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Nasir al-Muhammad al-Ahmad al-Sabah of Kuwait to the White 
House on September 19.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Michel Sleiman of Lebanon to the White House on September 25.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with 
President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan at the White House on September 
26.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Valdas Adamkus of Lithuania to the White House on September 29.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to the White House on 
October 13.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be

[[Page 1204]]

members of the National Science Board: Barry C. Barish; Ray M. Bowen; 
France A. Cordova; Esin Gulari; G.P. ``Bud'' Peterson; Douglas D. 
Randall; and Diane L. Souvaine.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jay T. Snyder to 
be a member of the U.S. Advisory Committee on Public Diplomacy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edwin Eck and 
William E. Grayson to be members of the Internal Revenue Service 
Oversight Board.
    The President announced his intention to accord the personal rank of 
Ambassador to Harlan L. Watson during his tenure as Special Envoy to the 
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and orderd 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from July 21 to August 12.