Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 27 (Monday, July 14, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 27 (Monday, July 14, 2008)]
[Pages 977-978]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Charlottesville, VA, where he toured Monticello, the home 
of Thomas Jefferson.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

July 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Chitose, 
Japan, arriving the following afternoon.

July 6

    In the afternoon, upon arrival at New Chitose Airport, the President 
and Mrs. Bush participated in an arrival ceremony. They then traveled to 
the Windsor Hotel Toya Resort and Spa in Toyako, Japan.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a social 
dinner with Prime Minister Fukuda and his wife, Kiyoko.

July 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a working lunch and 
photo opportunity with Group of Eight (G-8) leaders and Africa outreach 
representatives. Later, he participated in a meeting with G-8 leaders 
and Africa outreach representatives.
    In the evening, the President met with Junior 8 student leaders. 
Then he and Mrs. Bush attended entertainment and a social dinner with G-
8 leaders and their spouses.

July 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in a G-8 summit meeting.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in the G-8 summit 
official photograph. He then participated in a working lunch and meeting 
with G-8 leaders.
    In the evening, the President participated in a working dinner with 
G-8 leaders.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete of Tanzania to the White House on August 29.

July 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in a meeting with G-8 leaders and outreach country 
representatives. He then participated in a meeting with the leaders of 
major economies.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with the leaders of major economies. He then participated in a working 
lunch with G-8 leaders and outreach country representatives.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with President Lee Myung-
bak of South

[[Page 978]]

Korea. Then he and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC, crossing the 
international dateline and arriving in the afternoon.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes from May 22-June 16.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from June 3-20.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from June 2-12.

July 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced that he has nominated Ruth Y. Goldway to be 
Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced that he has nominated Joyce Lee Malcolm and 
Robert L. Paquette to be members of the National Council on the 
Humanities.
    The President announced that he has nominated Clifford D. May to be 
a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anthony W. Ryan to 
be Under Secretary of the Treasury (Domestic Finance) and that he has 
designated him as Acting Under Secretary of the Treasury (Domestic 
Finance).

July 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Abdullah Gul of Turkey to 
express his condolences for the deaths of Turkish police officers who 
were killed while defending the U.S. consulate in Istanbul against a 
terrorist attack on July 9 and to discuss Turkey's role in Iraq. He then 
had a telephone conversation with President Khalifa bin Zayid al-
Nuhayyan of the United Arab Emirates to thank him for the country's 
cancellation of Iraq's debt and for reopening their Embassy in Iraq and 
appointing an Ambassador to Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Fatmir Sejdiu and Prime Minister Hashim Thaci of Kosovo to the White 
House on July 21.
    The President announced that he has named Ryan Bounds as Special 
Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Ashok M. Pinto as 
Associate Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Bridget Sheedy as Special 
Assistant to the President for White House Management.