Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 4 (Monday, February 4, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 4 (Monday, February 4, 2008)]
[Pages 145-146]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Capital Hilton Hotel, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended the Alfalfa Club dinner.

January 27

    In the afternoon, the President participated in a speech preparation 
session for his January 28 State of the Union Address.

January 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Family Theater, he participated in a speech preparation session 
for his State of the Union Address. Then in the Oval Office, he 
participated in an interview with Ann Compton of ABC News Radio.
    In the afternoon, in the Second Floor Family Dining Room, the 
President had a background lunch with television correspondents.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Mirek Topolanek of the Czech Republic to the White House on 
February 27.

January 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Baltimore, MD, where he met with Jericho Program 
graduates.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert J. Callahan 
to be Ambassador to Nicaragua.

[[Page 146]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Heather M. Hodges 
to be Ambassador to Ecuador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barbara J. 
Stephenson to be Ambassador to Panama.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William E. Todd to 
be Ambassador to Brunei.

January 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Torrance, CA.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Los Angeles, CA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteers Marni and Berni 
Barta. Later, at a private residence, he attended a Republican National 
Committee luncheon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to San Francisco, CA, 
where, upon arrival at San Francisco International Airport, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Richard Berwick. He then met with Amador 
Valley High School student Kevin Laue and his parents, Jodi and Jim 
Jarnagin. Later, he traveled to Hillsborough, CA, where, at a private 
residence, he attended a Republican National Committee dinner.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada to discuss Afghanistan.
    In the evening, the President returned to San Francisco 
International Airport, where he met with the family of a marine killed 
in Iraq. He then traveled to Las Vegas, NV.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on January 7 and 
continuing.
    The President announced that he has asked Secretary of Health and 
Human Services Michael O. Leavitt to serve as his personal 
representative at the funeral of Gordon B. Hinckley on February 2, 2008, 
in Salt Lake City, UT.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marianne M. Myles 
to be Ambassador to Cape Verde.
    The President announced that he has nominated Elisebeth C. Cook to 
be Assistant Attorney General (Legal Policy).

January 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at a private residence, he attended a Nevada Victory luncheon.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Denver, CO, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Cherie Yager. He then 
met with Jeanne Assam, a security guard who stopped the December 9, 
2007, fatal shooting at New Life Church in Colorado Springs, CO. Later, 
he traveled to Cherry Hills Village, CO, where, at a private residence, 
he attended a Colorado Victory and Bob Schaffer for Senate reception.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Kansas City, MO, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Samuel Turner, Sr.
    The White House announced that the President will host the North 
American Leaders' Summit on April 21-22 in New Orleans, LA.

February 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, at 
Eggtc. restaurant, he had breakfast with local business leaders. Later, 
he traveled to Parkville, MO.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Missouri Victory and Sam Graves for Congress reception. Later, he 
traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Amadou Toumani Toure of Mali to the White House on February 8.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms from December 6-19.