Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 7 (Monday, February 25, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 7 (Monday, February 25, 2008)]
[Pages 261-263]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 16

    In the morning, while en route to Cotonou, Benin, aboard Air Force 
One, the President had an intelligence briefing. Upon arrival at 
Cadjehoun International Airport, he and Mrs. Bush participated in an 
arrival ceremony with President Thomas Yayi Boni

[[Page 262]]

of Benin and his wife, Chantal de Souza Yayi. He then met with President 
Yayi.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush met with U.S. 
Embassy staff and their families. They then traveled to Dar es Salaam, 
Tanzania, where, upon arrival in the evening at Julius Nyerere 
International Airport, they participated in an arrival ceremony with 
President Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete of Tanzania and his wife, Salma Kikwete.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Kilimanjaro Hotel Kempinski Dar es Salaam.

February 17

    In the morning, the President traveled to the State House, where he 
participated in a signing ceremony of the Millennium Challenge compact 
with President Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete of Tanzania. Later, he returned to 
the Kilimanjaro Hotel Kempinski Dar es Salaam.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the U.S. 
Embassy, where, in the memorial garden, they met with family members of 
victims of the 1998 Embassy bombing and participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony for the victims. Later, in the atrium of the Embassy, they met 
with Embassy staff and their families. They then returned to the 
Kilimanjaro Hotel.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the State 
House, where they attended entertainment hosted by President Kikwete and 
his wife, Salma Kikwete. Later, they returned to the Kilimanjaro Hotel.

February 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Arusha, Tanzania, where, upon arrival at 
Kilimanjaro International Airport, they attended a cultural performance.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush toured A to Z Textile 
Mills. Later, they traveled to the Arusha Coffee Lodge. They then 
visited the Maasai Girls School.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in 
an interview with Ann Curry of NBC's ``Today'' show. They then returned 
to the Kilimanjaro Hotel Kempinski Dar es Salaam in Dar es Salaam, 
Tanzania, arriving in the evening.
    During the day, the President and Mrs. Bush met with their niece, 
Ellie LeBlond, volunteer, India Howell, founder and executive director, 
and Nano Chatfield, chairman of the board of directors, Tanzanian 
Children's Fund.

February 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Julius Nyerere International Airport, where 
they participated in a departure ceremony with President Jakaya Mrisho 
Kikwete of Tanzania and his wife, Salma Kikwete. They then traveled to 
Kigali, Rwanda, where, upon arrival at Kigali International Airport, 
they participated in an arrival ceremony and attended a cultural 
performance with President Paul Kagame and his wife, Jeannette 
Nyiramongi.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Kigali Memorial Centre, where they participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony at the genocide memorial. Later, they traveled to the 
Presidency.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a signing ceremony 
of the Rwanda-U.S. Bilateral Investment Treaty with President Kagame. 
Later, he and Mrs. Bush attended a social lunch hosted by President 
Kagame and his wife, Jeannette.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush visited the 
Lycee de Kigali and met with students involved in the Anti-Aids Club. 
Later, they traveled to Accra, Ghana, arriving in the evening. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an interview with Robert 
Geldof for Time magazine.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the La 
Palm Royal Beach Hotel.

February 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Osu Castle, where he participated in an arrival ceremony 
with President John Agyekum Kufuor of Ghana. Later, he traveled to the 
U.S. Embassy, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush.
    In the afternoon, in the Ambassador's Residence, the President and 
Mrs. Bush met

[[Page 263]]

with Embassy staff and their families. Later, they traveled to the 
International Trade Fair Center, where they visited with USAID West 
Africa Trade Hub beneficiaries. They then toured the center and met with 
30 tribal chiefs.
    Later in the afternoon, they traveled to the Ghana International 
School. They then returned to the La Palm Royal Beach Hotel.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the State 
Banquet Hall. Later, they returned to the La Palm Hotel.

February 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Monrovia, Liberia. While en route aboard 
Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with President Pervez 
Musharraf of Pakistan to discuss the results of Pakistan's February 18 
parliamentary elections.
    Later in the morning, upon arrival at Spriggs Payne Airport, the 
President and Mrs. Bush participated in an arrival ceremony with 
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia. He then traveled to the 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where he met with President Johnson 
Sirleaf.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Executive Mansion, 
where he was joined by Mrs. Bush. They then participated in a gowning 
and investiture ceremony.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Barclay Training Center, where they met with U.S. Embassy staff and 
their families. Later, they traveled to the University of Liberia. They 
then returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, straight-line winds, and 
flooding on February 5 and 6.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen McFarland 
to be Ambassador to Guatemala.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald E. Booth to 
be Ambassador to Zambia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gillian A. 
Milovanovic to be Ambassador to Mali.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy E. 
McEldowney to be Ambassador to Bulgaria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Scot A. Marciel to 
be given the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as 
Ambassador for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John J. Sullivan as 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members on the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Naval 
Academy: Michael R. Hightower; Nancy L. Johnson; J. Patrick Michaels, 
Jr.; and Anthony Joseph Principi.

February 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.