Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 34 (Monday, September 1, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 34 (Monday, September 1, 2008)]
[Pages 1164-1165]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 23

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

August 24

    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Fay beginning on August 18 and continuing.

August 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President hosted the 100 Degree Club run.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Governor Charlie Crist of Florida to discuss damage and recovery efforts 
in the areas struck by Tropical Storm Fay.

[[Page 1165]]

August 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with several senior officials.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia to discuss the situation in 
Georgia.

August 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. Later, he was briefed on Tropical Storm Gustav.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice.

August 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he was briefed on Tropical Storm Gustav.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff concerning Tropical 
Storm Gustav.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Martin Torrijos Espino of Panama to the White House on September 17.

August 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a bill signing ceremony for H.R. 
6580, the Hubbard Act. He then had a telephone conversation with 
Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska to congratulate her on her selection as 
the Republican Vice Presidential candidate.
    During the day, the President was briefed on Hurricane Gustav.
    In the evening, at the Marine Barracks, the President participated 
in the evening parade.
    The President declared an emergency in Louisiana and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts due to the emergency 
conditions resulting from Hurricane Gustav beginning on August 27 and 
continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Texas and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts due to the emergency 
conditions resulting from Hurricane Gustav beginning on August 27 and 
continuing.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the opening ceremony 
of the Paralympic games in Beijing, China, on September 6: James B. 
Peake (head of delegation); Clark T. Randt, Jr.; Kirk Bauer; Jean 
Driscoll; Lt. Col. Gregory Gadson, USA; Kevin Szott; and Trischa Zorn.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert B. Eley to 
be Commissioner of the Mississippi River Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dave Heineman to 
be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship 
Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as U.S. Commissioners of the U.S. section of the Pacific 
Salmon Commission: David Bedford; Jeffrey P. Koenings; Onley Patt, Jr.; 
and Gregory Schildwatcher.