Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 5 (Monday, February 11, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 5 (Monday, February 11, 2008)]
[Pages 153-154]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Letter to Congressional Leaders on Continuation of the National 
Emergency Blocking Property of Certain Persons Contributing to the 
Conflict in Cote d'Ivoire

February 5, 2008

Dear Madam Speaker:  (Dear Mr. President:)

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice to the Federal Register for publication, stating that 
the national emergency and related measures blocking the property of 
certain persons contributing to the conflict in Cote d'Ivoire are to 
continue in effect beyond February 7, 2008.
    In March 2007, the Ougadougou Political Agreement was signed by the 
two primary protagonists in Cote d'Ivoire's conflict. Although 
considerable progress has been made in implementing this agreement, the 
situation in or in relation to Cote d'Ivoire poses a continuing unusual 
and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of 
the United States.
    For these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to 
continue the national emergency and related measures blocking the

[[Page 154]]

property of certain persons contributing to the conflict in Cote 
d'Ivoire.
     Sincerely,
                                                George W. Bush

Note: Identical letters were sent to Nancy Pelosi, Speaker of the House 
of Representatives, and Richard B. Cheney, President of the Senate.