Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 37 (Monday, September 22, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 37 (Monday, September 22, 2008)]
[Pages 1230-1232]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, in 
the Situation Room, he participated in a video teleconference briefing 
on Hurricane Ike with officials from the National Hurricane Center, 
Department of Homeland Security, and Federal Emergency Management 
Agency.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
Hurricane Ike beginning on September 7 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Ike beginning on September 11 and continuing.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to Texas 
by authorizing an increase in the level of Federal funding for debris 
removal undertaken as a result of Hurricane Ike that struck the State 
beginning on September 7 and continuing.

September 14

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff to discuss Hurricane 
Ike.

September 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Secretary of the Treasury 
Henry M. Paulson, Jr., to discuss the financial markets situation. 
Later, in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with 
the Boys and Girls Clubs of America regional finalists for Youth of the 
Year.
    In the evening, on the North Portico, the President and Mrs. Bush 
greeted President John Agyekum Kufuor of Ghana and his wife,

[[Page 1231]]

Theresa. Then, in the Grand Foyer, they participated in a photo 
opportunity with President Kufuor and Mrs. Kufuor. Later, in the Rose 
Garden, the President, Mrs. Bush, President Kufuor, and Mrs. Kufuor 
viewed entertainment.
    The President announced the designation of U.S. Ambassador to China 
Clark T. Randt, Jr., as his delegate to attend the closing ceremony of 
the Paralympic Games on September 17 in Beijing, China.

September 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Houston, TX. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had 
a telephone conversation with Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. 
Paulson, Jr., to discuss the financial markets situation.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Galveston, TX, 
where, aboard Marine One, he took an aerial tour of areas damaged by 
Hurricane Ike. Later, at the City of Galveston Emergency Operations 
Center, he participated in a briefing on Hurricane Ike damage and 
recovery efforts. He then returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the 
afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met 
with the President's Working Group on Financial Markets.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to Texas 
by authorizing an extension of 100 percent in the level of Federal 
funding for debris removal and emergency protective measures undertaken 
as a result of Hurricane Ike that struck the State beginning on 
September 7 and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cheryl Feldman 
Halpern to be a U.S. Alternate Representative to the 63d Session of the 
United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced that he has nominated James W. Ceaser to be 
a member of the National Council on the Humanities.
    The President announced that he has nominated Anthony H. Gioia, Bob 
Corker, and Bill Nelson to be U.S. Representatives to the 63d Session of 
the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced that he has nominated Karen Elliot House to 
be a U.S. Alternate Representative to the 63d Session of the United 
Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his intention to appoint R. Timothy Ziemer 
as Coordinator of U.S. Government Activities To Combat Malaria Globally.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Byron R. Johnson, 
Roland C. Warren, and Harry Wilson as members of the Coordinating 
Council on Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Vietnam 
Education Foundation: Viet Dinh; Elizabeth Dugan; Chrisopher J. Fussner; 
and Stephen F. Maxner.

September 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President received diplomatic credentials from 
Russia's Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey I. Kislyak.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, Jr., to discuss the 
financial markets situation.

September 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. 
Paulson, Jr., to discuss the financial markets situation.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Secretary of the Treasury 
Henry M. Paulson, Jr., to discuss the financial markets situation. 
Later, at the Naval Observatory, he attended a barbecue for wounded 
veterans and their families hosted by Lynne Cheney, wife of Vice 
President Dick Cheney.
    In the evening, the President met with Secretary of the Treasury 
Henry M. Paulson, Jr., and his senior economic advisers to discuss the 
financial markets situation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding associated with Hurricane Gustav 
from September 2-8.

[[Page 1232]]

September 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with Speaker of the House Nancy 
Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, and Senate Minority Leader 
Mitch McConnell to thank them for meeting with his economic advisers and 
to discuss the financial markets situation.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
House Republican Leader John A. Boehner to thank him for meeting with 
his economic advisers and to discuss the financial markets situation. 
Later, in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with 
recipients of the Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian Authority at the White 
House on September 25.