Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 46 (Monday, November 24, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 46 (Monday, November 24, 2008)]
[Pages 1442-1443]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the National Building Museum, he participated in a photo opportunity 
with leaders participating in the Summit on Financial Markets and the 
World Economy. He then participated in plenary sessions of the summit.
    In the afternoon, the President hosted a lunch for summit leaders. 
Later, he traveled to Camp David, MD.

November 16

    In the afternoon, the President met with Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi 
Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.

November 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, in the Blue Room, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a photo opportunity with recipients of the National 
Medal of Arts and the Presidential Citizens Medal. Then, also in the 
Blue Room, they participated in a photo opportunity with recipients of 
the National Humanities Medal. Later, in the Oval Office, he 
participated in a photo opportunity with the 2008 U.S. Ryder Cup team.

November 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Department of Transportation, he met with Transportation 
Department employees and toured the Crisis Management Center.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area 
struck by wildfires beginning on November 13 and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation: Rodney G. Bent; Gary C. Bryner; Thomas Joseph Dodd; 
and Roger W. Wallace.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Alesia Ranney-
Marinelli and Mark S. Shelton to be Directors of the Board of Directors 
of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.

November 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the National American History Museum, he and Mrs. Bush viewed a 
naturalization ceremony.

November 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 1443]]

    During the day, the President participated in an interview with a 
Japanese television station. He then participated in an interview with a 
Peruvian print journalist.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel at the White House on November 24.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the International 
Forum Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Holodomor in Kiev, Ukraine, 
on November 22: William B. Taylor, Jr. (head of delegation); Marilyn 
Ware; and Lorne Craner.

November 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey to 
check on him after his recent hospital stay. Later, he traveled to Lima, 
Peru, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to the JW Marriott 
Hotel Lima, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush. He then met with President 
Hu Jintao of China.