Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 22 (Monday, June 9, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 22 (Monday, June 9, 2008)]
[Pages 796-797]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Greenville, SC, where, 
upon arrival in the evening, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Andrew Barnhill.
    Later in the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

June 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he chaired a National Security Council meeting on Iraq, in which he was 
briefed by Gen. David H. Petraeus, USA, commanding general, Multi-
National Force--Iraq, via video teleconference.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth L. Peel to 
be U.S. Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gregory G. Garre 
to be Solicitor General at the Department of Justice and designate him 
as Acting Solicitor General at the Department of Justice.

June 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
Iraqi Shi'a and Sunni tribal leaders.

June 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President met with Secretary of Defense Robert 
M. Gates to dis-

cuss personnel changes at the Department of the Air Force.

June 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Rose Garden, he participated in a photo opportunity with the 2007 
Major League Soccer Cup champion Houston Dynamo.

    The President announced his intention to nominate James Franklin 
Jeffrey to be Ambassador to Turkey.

    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on Disability: Marylyn 
Andrea Howe; Heather McCallum; Lonnie C. Moore; and Christina Alvarado 
Shanahan.

    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation: John O. Agwunobi; Julius E. Coles; Morgan W. 
Davis; and John W. Leslie.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Wayne B. Paugh as 
Coordinator for International Intellectual Property Enforcement at the 
Department of Commerce.

    The President announced that he has named Thomas P. Bossert as 
Deputy Assistant to the President for Homeland Security.

    The President announced that he has named Pete Patterson as 
Associate Counsel to the President.

June 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt of 
Sweden to wish him a happy National Day of Sweden and thank him for 
hosting the first International Compact with Iraq Annual Review 
Conference in Stockholm. Later, he participated in separate interviews 
with POP TV of Slovenia, Rai TV of Italy, and France 3 TV.

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.

[[Page 797]]