Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 9 (Monday, March 10, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 9 (Monday, March 10, 2008)]
[Pages 340-342]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 1

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

March 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, on the North Portico, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with the Veterans of Foreign Wars 
National Voice of Democracy Award recipients.

[[Page 341]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the U.S. 
Institute of Peace: Kerry Kennedy; Ikram U. Khan; Stephen D. Krasner; J. 
Robinson West; and Nancy M. Zirkin.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nancy Davenport as 
a member of the National Historical Publications and Records Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Frances Fragos 
Townsend as a member of the President's Intelligence Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Jeffrey F. Kupfer 
as Acting Deputy Secretary of Energy.

March 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in an Oval Office ceremony, he received the annual report of the Boy 
Scouts of America.
    In the afternoon, in the second floor Family Dining Room, the 
President and Mrs. Bush hosted a social lunch for King Abdullah II and 
Queen Rania of Jordan. Later, at DAR Constitution Hall, he made remarks 
to political appointees and Federal Government employees.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Dmitry Medvedev of Russia.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Kevin Rudd of Australia to the White House on March 28.

March 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had separate telephone conversations with former Republican Presidential 
candidates Michael D. Huckabee, W. Mitt Romney, Fred D. Thompson, 
Rudolph W. Giuliani, and Duncan L. Hunter to thank them for their 
campaigns. Later, at the Washington Convention Center, he toured the 
tradeshow floor of the Washington International Renewable Energy 
Conference.
    In the afternoon, on the North Portico, the President participated 
in the arrival of Senator John McCain of Arizona and his wife, Cindy 
Hensley McCain. Later, in the Private Dining Room, he had lunch with 
Senator McCain. He then met with Republican congressional leaders.
    The President announced that he has nominated James B. Cunningham to 
be Ambassador to Israel.
    The President announced that he has nominated Neil Suryakant Patel 
to be Assistant Secretary for Communications Information at the 
Department of Commerce.
    The President announced that he has nominated Alexander Passantino 
to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division at the Department of 
Labor.
    The President announced that he has nominated Donald G. Teitelbaum 
to be Ambassador to Ghana.
    The President announced that he has nominated Frank Urbancic, Jr., 
to be Ambassador to Cyprus.

March 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Shi'a councilmen from Sadr City, Iraq, and Sunni city 
councilmen from Adhamiyah, Iraq.
    In the afternoon, in the Yellow Oval Room of the Residence, the 
President met with the Washington Post Editorial Board.
    The President announced that he has named Tobi Merritt Edwards as 
Associate Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Felipe Eduardo Sixto as 
Special Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Nancy Theis as Special 
Assistant to the President and Director of Presidential Correspondence.

March 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with Major League Baseball Productions.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Miguel 
Sigler Amaya and Josefa Lopez Pena, brother and sister-in-law of Cuban 
political prisoners Ariel and Guido Sigler Amaya. Later, he traveled to 
Arlington, VA, where, at the Pentagon, he participated

[[Page 342]]

in Defense Department briefings. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on January 7 and 
continuing.