Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 25 (Monday, June 30, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 25 (Monday, June 30, 2008)]
[Page 911]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Proclamation 8271--Termination of the Exercise of Authorities Under the 
Trading With the Enemy Act With Respect to North Korea

 June 26, 2008

 By the President of the United States

 of America

 A Proclamation

    I, George W. Bush, President of the United States of America, by the 
authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United 
States, including section 101(b) of Public Law 95-223 (91 Stat. 1625; 50 
U.S.C. App. 5(b) note), hereby find that the continuation of the 
exercise of authorities under the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 
App. 1 et seq.) (TWEA) with respect to North Korea, as authorized in 
Proclamation 2914 of December 16, 1950, most recently continued under 
Presidential Determination 2007-32 of September 13, 2007 (72 FR 53407), 
and implemented by the regulations set forth below, is no longer in the 
national interest of the United States.
    Section 1. The exercise of TWEA authorities with respect to North 
Korea, which were implemented by the Foreign Assets Control Regulations, 
31 C.F.R. part 500, and the Transaction Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R. 
part 505, and that were continued by Presidential Determination 2007-32 
of September 13, 2007, is terminated, and Presidential Determination 
2007-32 is rescinded with respect to North Korea.
    Sec. 2. The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to 
take all appropriate measures within the Secretary's authority to give 
effect to this proclamation.
    Sec. 3. This proclamation is not intended to, and does not, create 
any right, benefit, or privilege, substantive or procedural, enforceable 
at law or in equity, by any party against the United States, its 
departments, agencies, instrumentalities, or entities, its officers or 
employees, or any other person.
    Sec. 4. This proclamation is effective at 12:01 a.m. eastern 
daylight time on June 27, 2008.
    In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty-sixth 
day of June, in the year of our Lord two thousand eight, and of the 
Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-
second.
                                                George W. Bush

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 10:27 a.m., June 26, 
2008]

Note: This proclamation was published in the Federal Register on June 
27.