Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 17 (Monday, May 5, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 17 (Monday, May 5, 2008)]
[Pages 651-652]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 652]]

April 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
American Legion national commander Martin F. Conaster.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
travel to Israel, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt from May 13-18.

April 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric J. Boswell to 
be Assistant Secretary of State (Diplomatic Security) and Director of 
the Office of Foreign Missions with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia McMahon 
Hawkins to be Ambassador to Togo.
    The President announced his intention to designate William W. Park 
as a member of the Panel of Arbitrators of the International Centre for 
Settlement of Investment Disputes.

April 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with the 2008 
National and State Teachers of the Year.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Prime 
Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland. Later, he traveled to Fairfax, VA, 
arriving in the evening.
    Later in the evening, at a private residence, the President attended 
a National Republican Congressional Committee reception. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

May 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Martin Torrijos Espino of Panama to the White House on May 6.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Liliana Ayalde to 
be Ambassador to Paraguay.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tatiana C. 
Gfoeller-Volkoff to be Ambassador to Kyrgyzstan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sean Joseph 
Stackley to be Assistant Secretary for the Navy for Research, 
Development and Acquisition.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Martin J. 
Dannenfelser, Jr., as Staff Director of the U.S. Commission on Civil 
Rights.
    The President announced his intention to designate Gregory G. Katsas 
as Acting Assistant Attorney General (Civil Division) at the Department 
of Justice.

May 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to St. Louis, MO, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Jerron Johnson. He then travelled to Maryland 
Heights, MO, where he toured World Wide Technology, Inc.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.