Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 24 (Monday, June 23, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 24 (Monday, June 23, 2008)]
[Pages 889-891]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 14

    In the morning, at the U.S. Ambassador's residence in Paris, France, 
the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, he traveled to Elysee 
Palace.
    In the afternoon, the President and President Nicolas Sarkozy of 
France returned to the U.S. Ambassador's residence, where they were 
joined by Mrs. Bush. They all then attended the unveiling of the Flamme 
de la Liberte statue. Later, he visited the Suresnes American Cemetery 
and Memorial, where he participated in a wreath-laying ceremony.
    Later in the afternoon, the President visited Mont Valerien, where 
he participated in a wreath-laying ceremony. He then returned to the 
U.S. Ambassador's residence, where he met with U.S. Embassy staff and 
their families.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff and Federal Emergency 
Management Agency Administrator R. David Paulison in which he was 
briefed on the flooding in the Midwest. Later, he and Mrs. Bush attended 
entertainment and a dinner hosted by U.S. Ambassador to France Craig 
Roberts Stapleton and his wife, Dorothy Walker Stapleton.
    The President declared a major disaster in Wisconsin and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on June 5 and 
continuing.

June 15

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Windsor 
Castle in Windsor, England, where they met with Queen Elizabeth II and 
her husband, Prince Philip, Duke

[[Page 890]]

of Edinburgh. Later, they traveled to Winfield House, the U.S. 
Ambassador's residence in London, England. Then, in the Yellow Room, 
they participated in an interview with Adam Boulton of Sky News.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Green Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended a reception with British military personnel.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 10 Downing 
Street, the Prime Minister's residence, where, in the State Dining Room, 
they had dinner with Prime Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom 
and his wife, Sarah. Later, they returned to Winfield House.

June 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Family Dining Room, he had breakfast with Quartet Representative 
in the Middle East Tony Blair. He then traveled to 10 Downing Street, 
the Prime Minister's residence.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the U.S. Embassy, 
where he was joined by Mrs. Bush. They then met with U.S. Embassy staff 
and their families.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Winfield House, where, 
in the Yellow Room, he met with Conservative Party Leader and Opposition 
Leader David Cameron of the United Kingdom. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
traveled to Belfast, Northern Ireland.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Stormont Castle. 
Later, he traveled to the Lough View Integrated Primary School, where he 
was joined by Mrs. Bush. They then toured the school. Later, they 
returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.

June 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to St. Albans 
School, where they attended the wake for Tim Russert, moderator of NBC's 
``Meet the Press,'' who passed away on June 13. They then returned to 
the White House.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Nguyen Tan Dung of Vietnam to the White House on June 24.

June 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Levy Patrick Mwanawasa of Zambia to discuss the situation in 
Zimbabwe. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President met with the Chinese delegation to the 
U.S.-China Strategic Economic Dialogue.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J.V. Schwan to be 
Commissioner of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Shara L. Aranoff 
as Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Daniel Pearson as 
Vice Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission.

June 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Cedar Rapids, IA, where he participated in a briefing on 
the flooding in the Midwest.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Iowa City, IA. While en 
route aboard Marine One, he took an aerial tour of the areas damaged by 
flooding. Later, he returned to Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.
    The President declared a major disaster in West Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, flooding, mudslides, and landslides 
from June 3-7.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Patrick Rowan 
to be Assistant Attorney General (National Security Division) at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brent R. Orrell to 
be Assistant Secretary of Labor (Employment and Training).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard G. Olson, 
Jr., to be Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane Barone and 
Mary E. Curtis

[[Page 891]]

to be members of the National Institute for Literacy Advisory Board.

June 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Myers, FL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Josh Kelchner. He then traveled to Naples, FL, 
arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, at a private residence, the President 
attended a Lincoln and Mario Diaz-Balart Florida Victory Committee 
luncheon. Later, he traveled to Raleigh, NC, where, upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Nick Marriam. Then, at a private 
residence, he attended a Pat McCrory for Governor reception.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on May 22 and 
continuing.