Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 18 (Monday, May 12, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 18 (Monday, May 12, 2008)]
[Pages 679-680]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 3

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

May 4

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Wichita, KS, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Buddy Shannon III. He 
then traveled to Greensburg, KS. Later, he returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening.

May 5

    In the morning, on the South Lawn, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an interview with Robin Roberts of ABC's ``Good Morning 
America.'' Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, in the Rose Garden, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a social dinner and entertainment in honor of Cinco de Mayo.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from March 17-23.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael R. Anderson 
and Gregg C. Lord as members of the National Commission on Children and 
Disasters.

[[Page 680]]

May 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Situation Room, the President had a video 
teleconference with Cuban dissident Martha Beatriz Roque Cabello, former 
Cuban political prisoner Jorge Luis Garcia Perez, and Berta Soler 
Fernandez, wife of Cuban political prisoner Angel Moya Acosta.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cynthia L. 
Bauerly, Caroline C. Hunter, and Donald McGahn to be members of the 
Federal Election Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Troy A. Paredes to 
be a Commissioner on the Securities and Exchange Commission.

May 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a bill signing ceremony for H.R. 
5715, the Ensuring Continued Access to Student Loans Act of 2008. Then, 
also in the Oval Office, he participated in a briefing with Secretary of 
Agriculture Edward T. Schafer and Under Secretary of Agriculture for 
Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services Nancy Montanez Johner on food aid 
programs.

May 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on March 20 and 
continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donetta Davidson 
and Rosemary E. Rodriguez to be members of the Election Assistance 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Thomas D. Cairns as 
Chief Human Capital Officer at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee for People with 
Intellectual Disabilities: James M. Boles; Stephanie Preshong Brown; 
Olegario D. Cantos VII; Eric Lee Cole; Berthy De La Rosa-Aponte; William 
J. Edwards; MaryMargaret Sharp-Pucci; Linda Hampton Starnes; Dallas Rob 
Sweezy; William E. Tienken; Eric Todd Treat; Charles Weis; and Mary 
Ellen Zeppuhar.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission of Fine Arts: Diana Balmori; 
Elizabeth Plater-Zyberk; Earl A. Powell III; and Witold Rybczynski.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas Richard 
Barker as Acting General Counsel of the Department of Health and Human 
Services.
    The President announced his intention to designate Steven C. 
Rhatigan as Chair of the President's Committee for People with 
Intellectual Disabilities.

May 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from April 9-28.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding beginning on April 28 and continuing.