Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 3 (Monday, January 28, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 3 (Monday, January 28, 2008)]
[Pages 107-108]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone briefing with 
Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, Jr., on the global financial 
markets situation.

January 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the East Room, he participated in a breakfast to honor the 35th 
annual March for Life. He then met with his economic advisers.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margaret Scobey to 
be Ambassador to Egypt.

[[Page 108]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate D. Kathleen 
Stephens to be Ambassador to the Republic of Korea.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nancy Hellman 
Bechtle, J. Michael Shepherd, and William Wilson III as members of the 
Board of Directors of the Presidio Trust.
    The President announced that he has appointed Charles R. Schwab as a 
member of the President's Advisory Council on Financial Literacy and, 
upon appointment, designated him as Chair.
    The President announced that he has appointed John Bryant as a 
member of the President's Advisory Council on Financial Literacy and, 
upon appointment, designated him as Vice Chair.
    The President announced that he has appointed the following 
individuals as members of the President's Advisory Council on Financial 
Literacy: Theodore Beck; Theodore R. Daniels; Cutler Dawson; Robert F. 
Duvall; Tahira Hira; Jack E. Kosakowski; Sharon L. Lechter; Robert V. 
Lee III; Laura Levine; David Mancl; Don J. McGrath; Janet Parker; 
Ignacio Salazar; and Mary L. Schapiro.

January 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
Jimmy Roberts of NBC Sports for a U.S. Golf Association documentary. 
Later, in the Yellow Oval Room, he and Mrs. Bush hosted a social 
reception for Senate Republicans and their spouses.

January 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with King Abdullah II of Jordan.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
Susan Page and Richard Wolf of USA Today.
    The President announced that he has named Jonathan Horn as Special 
Assistant to the President for Speechwriting.
    The President announced that he has named Jeffrey Lungren as Special 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Justin J. McCarthy as 
Special Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Richard Reed as Special 
Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Senior Director for 
Continuity Policy.
    The President announced that he has accorded the personal rank of 
Ambassador to Lincoln P. Bloomfield, Jr., during his tenure and service 
as Special Envoy for Man-Portable Air Defense Systems.

January 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to White Sulphur Springs, WV.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he participated in a speech preparation session for his January 28 State 
of the Union Address.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
travel to Africa and visit Benin, Tanzania, Rwanda, Ghana, and Liberia 
from February 15-21.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert J. Battista 
to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board and, upon 
confirmation, to designate him as Chair.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gerard Morales and 
Dennis P. Walsh to be members of the National Labor Relations Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Charles Patrick 
Garcia and Susan Ross as members of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. 
Air Force Academy.
    The President announced his intention to designate Elisebeth C. Cook 
as Acting Assistant Attorney General (Legal Policy).