Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 49 (Monday, December 15, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 49 (Monday, December 15, 2008)]
[Pages 1516-1517]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where, at the Union League of 
Philadelphia headquarters, he received the Union League of 
Philadelphia's Gold Medal Award. He then traveled to Lincoln Financial 
Field, where he visited the U.S. Naval Academy and U.S. Military Academy 
football teams' locker rooms prior to the Army-Navy football game.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in the Army-Navy 
football game coin toss and then watched the game. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.

December 7

    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a reception for Kennedy Center honorees.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the Kennedy 
Center Honors Gala at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing 
Arts.

December 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to McLean, VA, where he visited the Office of the Director 
of National Intelligence and the National Counterterrorism Center and 
participated in briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President met and had lunch with National 
Counterterrorism Center staff. He then returned to Washington, DC. 
Later, in the Library, he participated in an interview with Cynthia 
McFadden of ABC News.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of El Salvador to the White House on 
December 16.

December 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to West Point, NY, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Sgt. Jermaine Malone, USA.
    In the afternoon, at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the 
President met with West Point senior cadets. He then participated in an 
interview with the Pentagon Channel.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
where, upon arrival on the South Lawn, he met with Lance Cpl. Patrick P. 
Pittman, Jr., USMC, and Lance Cpl. Marc E. Olson, USMC, who were both 
wounded in a suicide bomb attack in Ramadi, Iraq. He also met with Lance 
Cpl. Pittman's father, Patrick P. Pittman, Sr., and Lance Cpl. Olson's 
mother, Janice Kloski.

December 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with Tom Bevan and John McIntyre of 
RealClearPolitics. He then participated in an interview with Liz Clarke 
of the Washington Post.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a presentation ceremony for recipients of the Presidential Citizens 
Medal. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he participated in a video 
teleconference with democracy advocate bloggers from Belarus, China, 
Cuba, Egypt, Iran, and Venezuela.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Matthew W. 
Friedrich to be Assistant Attorney General (Criminal Division).

December 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, Jr., to discuss bailout 
legislation for the automobile industry.
    In the evening, the President was briefed on Congress's failure to 
pass bailout legislation for the automobile industry.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Service and Civic 
Participation: Richard D. Fairbanks; Arthur G. Linkletter; Sonya E. 
Medina; Stephen Odland; and Jose R. Ramos.

[[Page 1517]]

December 12

    In the morning, the President met separately with several White 
House staff members to discuss failed bailout legislation for the 
automobile industry. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to College Station, TX. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an interview 
with Kim Strassel of the Wall Street Journal.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
at the State Department, he and Mrs. Bush attended a holiday reception 
for the diplomatic corps.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm and record and near record snow from 
November 5-7.