Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 19 (Monday, May 19, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 19 (Monday, May 19, 2008)]
[Pages 711-713]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 10

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

May 11

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC, arriving in the afternoon. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
had separate telephone conversations with Gov. Matt Blunt of Missouri 
and Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia to discuss the recent storms and 
tornadoes in their States.
    Later in the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Gov. Brad Henry of Oklahoma to discuss the recent storms and 
tornadoes in the State.

May 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with President Dmitry Medvedev 
and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin of Russia. Then, in the Oval Office, 
he participated in a roundtable interview with foreign print media.
    In the afternoon, in the Roosevelt Room, the President participated 
in an interview with Mark Knoller and Peter Maer of CBS Radio.
    The President announced the designation of a U.S. honorary 
delegation to attend celebrations in honor of the 60th anniversary of 
the State of Israel on May 14 and 15 in Jerusalem, Israel.

[[Page 712]]

May 13

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hu Jintao of China. He then had an intelligence briefing. 
Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he participated in an interview with Mike 
Allen of Politico for Yahoo! News.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Tel Aviv, 
Israel, arriving the following morning.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John R. Beyrle to 
be Ambassador to Russia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rosemary A. 
DiCarlo to be the Alternate Representative of the United States for 
Special Political Affairs to the United Nations, with the rank of 
Ambassador, and an Alternate Representative of the United States to the 
Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Carol A. Rodley to 
be Ambassador to Cambodia.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jan Donnelly 
O'Neill as a member of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Leland A. Strom 
as Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration Board.

May 14

    In the morning, aboard Air Force One, the President had an 
intelligence briefing. Later, after arriving in Tel Aviv, Israel, he and 
Mrs. Bush traveled to the King David Hotel in Jerusalem, Israel, 
arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to the President's 
Residence. Later, he traveled to the Prime Minister's Residence. He then 
returned to the Kind David Hotel.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the ICC 
Jerusalem International Convention Center. Later, they returned to the 
King David Hotel.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on May 10 and 
continuing.

May 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Masada, Israel, where they participated in 
a greeting with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel and his wife, 
Aliza. They all then visited Masada National Park.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
gift presentation with Prime Minister Olmert and Mrs. Olmert. They then 
returned to the King David Hotel in Jerusalem, Israel.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Knesset, where they participated in an arrival ceremony and met with 
Israeli Government officials. Later, they returned to the King David 
Hotel.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with Quartet 
Representative in the Middle East Tony Blair.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Israel 
Museum, where they participated in a greeting with President Shimon 
Peres and Prime Minister Olmert of Israel and his wife, Aliza. They then 
toured the museum. Later, they attended a reception in honor of the 60th 
anniversary of the State of Israel.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Prime Minister's Residence, where, in the dining room, they attended a 
social dinner with Prime Minister Olmert and Mrs. Olmert. Later, they 
returned to the King David Hotel.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Palestine 
Investment Conference in Bethlehem on May 21-23: Robert M. Kimmitt (head 
of delegation); John J. Sullivan; Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr.; Larry W. 
Walther; Walter Isaacson; and Ziad Asali.

May 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush toured the Bible Lands Museum Jerusalem. They then 
traveled to Ben Gurion International Airport, where they participated in 
a greeting with President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of 
Israel and his wife, Aliza.

[[Page 713]]

    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, where, upon arrival in the afternoon at King 
Khaled International Airport, they participated in an arrival ceremony 
with King Abdallah bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Al 
Janadriyah, Saudi Arabia, where, at Al Janadriyah Farm, they had lunch 
with King Abdallah. Later, he met with King Abdallah.
    In the evening, the President had dinner with King Abdallah.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Sergei Stanishev of Bulgaria to the White House on June 18.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Jan Peter Balkenende of the Netherlands to the White House on 
June 5.
    The President announced his intention to designate Michael O. 
Leavitt (chief delegate), William Raymond Steiger, and Warren W. 
Tichenor as U.S. delegates to the 61st World Health Assembly of the 
World Health Organization.
    The President announced his intention to designate the following 
individuals as alternate U.S. delegates to the 61st World Health 
Assembly of the World Health Organization: Mark A. Abdoo; Gerald C. 
Anderson; Joxel Garcia; David E. Hohman; John E. Lange; Michael W. 
Miller; Penelope S. Royall; and Mary Lou Valdez.