Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 8 (Monday, March 3, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 8 (Monday, March 3, 2008)]
[Pages 305-306]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 24

    In the evening, in the East Room, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted 
entertainment for the Nation's Governors.

February 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a briefing on the Office of 
Faith-Based and Community Initiatives' ``Quiet Revolution'' report. 
Then, on the North Portico, he participated in a photo opportunity with 
the National Governors Association.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome King Abdullah II and Queen Rania of Jordan to the White House on 
March 4.

February 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with April Ryan of American Urban Radio 
Networks.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel W. 
Sutherland to be Chairman of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald Daniel 
Rotunda and Francis X. Taylor to be members of the Privacy and Civil 
Liberties Oversight Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nanci E. Langley 
to be Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul A. Schneider 
to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sheila McNamara 
Greenwood to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development 
(Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth E. Carfine 
and Edwin Eck to be members of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joseph Torre as a 
member of the President's Cancer Panel.

[[Page 306]]

February 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Press Secretary Dana Perino, who 
informed him of the death of William F. Buckley, Jr.
    The President announced that he has named Sonya E. Medina as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy and Director of Projects 
for the First Lady.
    The President announced that he has named Cynthia Stowe as Special 
Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Senior Director for 
Prevention Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Alison Teal Young as 
Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of the USA 
Freedom Corps.

February 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with Secretary General Jakob Gijsbert ``Jaap'' de Hoop Scheffer of 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. He then traveled to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush. Later, they 
welcomed Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark and his wife, 
Anne-Mette Rasmussen, to the Bush Ranch.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with Prime 
Minister Rasmussen and Mrs. Rasmussen.