Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 11 (Monday, March 24, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 11 (Monday, March 24, 2008)]
[Pages 415-416]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 15

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President declared an emergency in Texas and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
wildfires beginning on March 14 and continuing.

March 16

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. Later, he met with Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. 
Paulson, Jr., who informed him of the Federal Reserve's latest actions 
to help the economy.

March 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Gov. David A. Paterson of New York 
to wish him well in his new position.
    In the afternoon, at the U.S. Capitol, the President attended the 
Speaker of the House of Representatives annual St. Patrick's Day 
luncheon. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with the President's 
Working Group on Financial Markets. Then, on the South Portico, he 
participated in a photo opportunity with Children's Miracle Network 
Champions Across America representatives.
    In the evening, in the State Dining Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush hosted a St. Patrick's Day social dinner.

March 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Jacksonville, FL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Holly Cleveland.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee luncheon. Later, at the Jacksonville Port 
Authority Blount Island Marine Terminal, he toured Coastal Maritime 
Stevedoring, LLC.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Palm Beach, FL, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Cheryl 
Crowley. Then, at a private residence, he attended a Republican National 
Committee reception.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Philip T. Reeker 
to be Ambassador to Macedonia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher R. 
Wall to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce (Export Administration).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Miguel R. San Juan 
to be U.S. Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Peter Pace as a 
member of the President's Intelligence Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint James B. Peake as a 
member of the Advisory Council to the Board of Governors of the American 
Red Cross.
    The President announced his intention to designate Peter Schaumber 
as Chairman of the National Labor Relations Board.

March 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch with President Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia.
    The President declared an emergency in Wisconsin and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
record snow and near record snow on February 5 and 6.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on March 17 and 
continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael E. Leiter 
to be Director of the National Counterterrorism Center in the Office of 
the Director of National Intelligence.

[[Page 416]]

    The President announced that he has named Heather Ann Hopkins as 
Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Legislative 
Affairs in the National Security Council.
    The President announced that he has named Rhonda Houston as Special 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Director for Appointments and 
Scheduling.

March 20

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice, Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates, and National 
Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley. He then had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, in the Old Family Dining Room, he participated in an 
interview with Brian Lamb of C-SPAN.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome King Hamad 
bin Isa al-Khalifa of Bahrain to the White House on March 25.
    The President declared a major disaster in Georgia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on March 14-16.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Constance S. 
Barker to be a member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Beecroft to 
be Ambassador to Jordan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tyler D. Duvall to 
be Under Secretary (Transportation Policy) at the Department of 
Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John R. Vaughn to 
be a member of the National Council on Disability and, upon appointment, 
to redesignate him as Chairperson.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on Disability: 
Victoria Ray Carlson; Chad Colley; Kristen Cox; Marvin G. Fifield; John 
H. Hager; Lisa Mattheiss; Katherine O. McCary; Ann Rader; Renee L. 
Tyree; and Tony J. Williams.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William D. James as 
Commissioner of the U.S. section of the Great Lakes Fishery Commission.

March 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.