Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 10 (Monday, March 17, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 10 (Monday, March 17, 2008)]
[Pages 385-386]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the Gridiron 
Club dinner at the Renaissance Washington, DC Hotel.

March 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

March 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Nashville, TN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Fred Pancoast. He then met with Karla G. 
Christian, associate chief of pediatric cardiac surgery and director of 
pediatric cardiac surgical education, Monroe Carell Jr. Children's 
Hospital at Vanderbilt.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee luncheon. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mimi Alemayehou to 
be the U.S. Director of the African Development Bank.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rear Adm. Jonathan 
W. Bailey to be Commissioner of the Mississippi River Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Clifford 
Smith to be a member of the Mississippi River Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Karen P. Hughes and 
Charles M. Younger as members of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. 
Military Academy.

March 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
Susie Gharib of PBS's ``Nightly Business Report.''
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Hubert Ingraham of the Bahamas, Prime Minister David Thompson 
of Barbados, and Prime Minister Dean Barrow of Belize to the White House 
on March 20.
    The White House announced that the President will host President Lee 
Myung-bak of South Korea and his wife, Kim Yoon-ok, at Camp David on 
April 18 and 19.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms and flooding from February 10-14.

March 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
National Mathematics Advisory Panel Chairman Larry R. Faulkner, who 
presented him with the panel's final report.
    The White House announced that to commemorate Saint Patrick's Day, 
the President will host Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland at the 
White House on March 17.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
travel to Ukraine, Romania, and Croatia in April.
    The President declared an emergency in Illinois and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
record snow and near record snow on February 5 and 6.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barbara McConnell 
Barrett to be Ambassador to Finland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David R. Hill to 
be Assistant Administrator (General Counsel) at the Environmental 
Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate T. Vance McMahan 
to be Representative of the U.S. on the Economic and Social Council of 
the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members

[[Page 386]]

of the Community Development Advisory Board: Darlene Bramon; William 
Bynum; J. French Hill; Farah M. Jimenez; Nancy J. Leake; Terri Ludwig; 
Neal A. McCaleb; L. Raymond Moncrief; and Edwin A. Rodriguez.

March 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to New York City, NY. Later, at the Hilton New York Hotel, he 
participated in separate interviews with the Wall Street Journal 
Editorial Board and Larry Kudlow of CNBC.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee luncheon. Later, he traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lily Fu Claffee to 
be General Counsel of the Department of Commerce.