Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 51 (Monday, December 29, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 51 (Monday, December 29, 2008)]
[Pages 1583-1584]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush visited Pathways to Housing DC.
    In the afternoon, the President visited Walter Reed Army Medical 
Center, where he met with wounded military personnel and their families 
and presented seven Purple Heart medals.

December 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a bill signing ceremony for H.R. 
7311, the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection 
Reauthorization Act of 2008.

[[Page 1584]]

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.

December 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had several Christmas holiday telephone conversations with members of 
the U.S. military.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Carol Ann Bartz, 
Maria Cino, and Israel Hernandez as members of the Advisory Committee 
for Trade Policy and Negotiations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jennifer E. Sims as 
a member of the Public Interest Declassification Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark Sanford as a 
member of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kevin R. Johnson 
and Kay Sears as members of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John M. Hart as a 
member of the National Capital Planning Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Geoffrey L. Haskett 
and Charles J. Johnson as Commissioners of the U.S. Section of the U.S.-
Russia Polar Bear Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson 
International Center for Scholars: Sander R. Gerber; Charles E. Cobb; 
Carlos M. Gutierrez; and Barry Jackson.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Barbara Bruin, Mark 
A. Carter, and Grace Flores Hughes as members of the Federal Service 
Impasses Panel.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nancy Goodman 
Brinker, Condoleezza Rice, and Leonard Sands as members of the Board of 
Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship 
Board: Jean Loretta Becker; Gary R. Edson; Anita B. McBride; and James 
L. Oblinger.