Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 45 (Monday, November 17, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 45 (Monday, November 17, 2008)]
[Pages 1422-1423]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

November 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, MD, where he 
visited with wounded U.S. military personnel and presented Purple Heart 
medals to six service members. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, on the South Portico, the President and Mrs. Bush 
greeted President-elect Barack Obama and his wife, Michelle. Then, in 
the Diplomatic Reception Room, they all met with Rear Adm. Stephen W. 
Rochon, USCG (Ret.), Director of the Executive Residence and Chief 
Usher. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with President-elect Obama.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Crown 
Prince of Abu Dhabi Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan to Camp David, 
MD, on November 16.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Baku Energy Summit 
in Baku, Azerbaijan, on November 14: Samuel W. Bodman (head of 
delegation); Anne E. Derse; and C. Boyden Gray.
    The President announced the designation of Robert O. Blake, Jr., as 
his representative to attend the inauguration of President-elect Mohamed 
Nasheed of Maldives in Male, Maldives, on November 11.

[[Page 1423]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Green 
to be U.S. Special Representative and Policy Coordinator for Burma with 
the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to designate John Kim Cook as 
Small State and Rural Advocate at the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency at the Department of Homeland Security.

November 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to New York City. While en route aboard Air 
Force One, he met with CPO Shenequa Cox, USN; PO1 Christopher O. Hutto, 
USCG; S. Sgt. Michael Noyce-Merino, USA; SrA. Alicia Goetschel, USAF; 
and Sgt. John Badon, USMC.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush toured the 
Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum. During the visit they met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Peter Cea.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of military 
personnel killed in Afghanistan and Iraq. He then participated in an 
interview with CNN. Later, he and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC.

November 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush participated in the taping of an interview with Dorothy 
Bush Koch for StoryCorps.

November 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to New York City, where, upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jane Cosco. They then traveled to 
United Nations Headquarters.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a photo 
opportunity and met with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon of the United 
Nations. Later, he traveled to the New York Palace Hotel.
    In the afternoon, the President met with King Abdallah bin Abd al-
Aziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia. He then traveled to the Federal Hall 
National Memorial. Later, he traveled to Wall Street, where he was 
joined by Mrs. Bush.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and a tornado from September 11-24.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Cornelius Williams 
Ruth as Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the International Boundary 
and Water Commission (United States and Mexico).
    The President announced his intention to appoint R. Bruce LaBoon as 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Mickey Leland National Urban 
Air Toxics Research Center.
    The President announced his intention to designate Deborah Garza as 
Acting Assistant Attorney General (Antitrust Division) at the Department 
of Justice.

November 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, on the North Portico, the President greeted world 
leaders participating in the summit on Financial Markets and the World 
Economy. Later, in the State Dining Room, he hosted a working dinner for 
the leaders.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Neil M. Barofsky 
to be Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program at 
the Department of the Treasury.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steve A. Linick to 
be Inspector General of the Federal Housing Finance Agency.