Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 43 (Monday, November 3, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 43 (Monday, November 3, 2008)]
[Pages 1397-1398]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

October 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Florida and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Gustav from August 31 to September 7.

October 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at Republican National Committee headquarters, he met with staff 
members.

October 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President was briefed by National Security 
Adviser Stephen J. Hadley on the situation in the Democratic Republic of 
the Congo.
    The White House announced that the President will participate in the 
United Nations meeting on interfaith dialog on November 13 in New York 
City, NY.
    The President declared a major disaster in the Territory of the U.S. 
Virgin Islands and ordered Federal aid to supplement Territory recovery 
efforts in the area struck by Hurricane Omar from October 14-16.

October 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He was 
then briefed by National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley on the 
situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Later, he traveled to 
Quantico, VA.
    Later in the morning, at Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico, the 
President visited Marine Helicopter Squadron One hangar, where he met 
with service members and thanked them for their service.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rachmiel Liberman, 
Harley Lippman, and Jonathan J. Rikoon as members of the Commission for 
the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad.
    The President announced that he has designated Daniel Rosenblum as 
Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Program Coordinator and 
Coordinator for Overall Assistance and Economic Cooperation Strategy for 
the Independent States of the former Soviet Union at the Department of 
State.

October 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.

[[Page 1398]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes from September 11-17.