Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 40 (Monday, October 13, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 40 (Monday, October 13, 2008)]
[Pages 1329-1330]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 4

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Midland, 
TX, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Linda Fox.
    Later in the afternoon, at a private residence, the President and 
Mrs. Bush attended a Congressional Trust 2008 reception. Later, they 
returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

October 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to San Antonio, TX, where, upon arrival, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sonya McDonald. Then, at a private 
residence, they attended a Congressional Trust 2008 reception.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Cincinnati, OH, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Nancy Arnold. Later, they returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate Douglas A. Brook 
as Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller).

October 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had separate telephone conversations with Prime Minister Gordon Brown of 
the United Kingdom and President Nicolas Sarkozy of France to discuss 
the global financial markets situation. Later, on the South Lawn, he and 
Mrs. Bush participated in a photo opportunity with members of the 2008 
U.S. summer Olympic and Paralympic teams.
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss the global 
financial markets situation.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Chantilly, VA, where he 
toured Guernsey Office Products, Inc. He then participated in a meeting 
on the financial markets situation with State and local business 
leaders. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

October 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister Tillman Thomas of 
Grenada.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Chancellor Angela

[[Page 1330]]

Merkel of Germany to discuss the global financial markets situation.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by Tropical Storm Hanna from September 4-15.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to Texas 
by authorizing an extension of 100 percent in the level of Federal 
funding for debris removal and emergency protective measures undertaken 
as a result of Hurricane Ike that struck the State from September 7 to 
October 2.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to 
Louisiana by authorizing an increase of 100 percent Federal funding for 
debris removal and emergency measures undertaken as a result of 
Hurricane Ike that struck the State beginning on September 11 and 
continuing.

October 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered 
Federal ais to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by a severe wind storm associated with Tropical Depression 
Ike on September 14.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from September 12-16.
    The President announced his intention to designate Patrick A. Gorman 
as Acting Chief Information Officer at the Office of the Director of 
National Intelligence.

October 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Miami, FL, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Teodoro Rodriguez. He then traveled to 
Coral Gables, FL.
    Later in the afternoon, at a private residence, the President 
attended a Congressional Trust 2008 reception. Then, at Havana Harry's 
restaurant, he met with Cuban American community leaders. Later, he 
traveled to Charleston, SC, where, upon arrival in the evening at 
Charleston Air Force Base, he was joined by Mrs. Bush and met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Eileen Hadbavny.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
photo opportunity and met with the 2008 Little League Softball World 
Series champion Simpsonville Stars. They then traveled to Kiawah Island, 
SC, where, at the Sanctuary at Kiawah Island, they attended a Republican 
National Committee reception. Later, they returned to Washington, DC.