Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 1 (Monday, January 14, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 1 (Monday, January 14, 2008)]
[Pages 56-57]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Chicago, IL, where he visited Horace Greeley Elementary 
School. Then, at the Union League Club of Chicago, he had lunch with 
business and community leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

January 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with President Abdullah Gul of Turkey.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Tel Aviv, Israel, arriving 
the following morning.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nevada and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms and flooding beginning on January 5 and 
continuing.

January 9

    In the morning, aboard Air Force One, the President had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the King David Hotel in 
Jerusalem, Israel. Later, he traveled to the President's Residence, 
where he and President Shimon Peres of Israel attended cultural 
performances. He then traveled to the Prime Minister's Residence, where 
he met with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, Deputy Prime Minister and 
Minister of Foreign Affairs Tzipora ``Tzipi'' Livni, and Minister of 
Defense Ehud Barak of Israel.
    In the evening, the President returned to the King David Hotel.

January 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Opposition Leader Benjamin ``Bebe'' Netanyahu of Israel. He 
then met with the family of former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of 
Israel.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Ramallah, 
Palestinian Territories, where, at the Muqata, he participated in a 
greeting with President Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) of the Palestinian 
Authority. Later, in the President's Small Conference Room of the 
Muqata, the President met with Prime Minister Salam Fayyad of the 
Palestinian Authority.
    In the afternoon, in the President's Dining Room of the Muqata, the 
President had a working lunch with President Abbas. Later, he met with 
Quartet Representative in the Middle East Tony Blair. He then traveled 
to Bethlehem, Palestinian Territories, where he visited the Church of 
St. Catherine of Alexandria at the Basilica of the Nativity.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to the King David 
Hotel in Jerusalem, Israel, where he met with U.S. Embassy personnel and 
their families.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the Prime Minister's 
Residence, where, in

[[Page 57]]

the Dining Room, he had a working dinner with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 
of Israel. Later, he returned to the King David Hotel.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of 
Alvaro Colom Caballeros as President of Guatemala in Guatemala City on 
January 14: Michael O. Leavitt (head of delegation); James M. Derham; 
Rob Mosbacher; Sara Martinez Tucker; and Christopher A. Padilla.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William J. Brennan 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Gregory 
Copeland to be General Counsel of the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dorla M. Salling 
to be a member of the U.S. Parole Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kurt D. Volker to 
be U.S. Permanent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization, with the rank and status of Ambassador 
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.

January 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Quartet Representative in the Middle East Tony Blair. He 
then visited the Yad Vashem, the Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' 
Remembrance Authority, where he rekindled the Eternal Flame and 
participated in a wreath-laying ceremony.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Galilee, Israel, 
where he toured the Capernaum archaeological ruins. He then visited the 
Mount of the Beatitudes chapel.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Tel Aviv, Israel. He 
then traveled to Kuwait City, Kuwait, where, upon arrival at the Kuwait 
International Airport, he participated in an arrival ceremony with Amir 
Sabah al-Ahmad al-Jabir al-Sabah of Kuwait. Later, he traveled to the 
Bayan Palace Guest House.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Dar Salwa Palace, where he 
participated in a greeting with Amir Sabah. Then, in the Dining Room, he 
had dinner with Amir Sabah. Later, he returned to the Bayan Palace Guest 
House.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm from December 10-12.