Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 8 (Monday, March 3, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 8 (Monday, March 3, 2008)]
[Pages 306-307]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted February 25

 Joseph A. Benkert,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, vice Peter Cyril 
Wyche Flory, resigned.

 Donald E. Booth,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Zambia.

 Carol Dillon Kissal,

 of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Small Business Administration, 
vice Eric M. Thorson.

 Scot A. Marciel,

 of California, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service 
as Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Association of 
Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Affairs.

 Nancy E. McEldowney,

 of Florida, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Bulgaria.

 Stephen George McFarland,

 of Texas, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Guatemala.

 Gillian Arlette Milovanovic,

 of Pennsylvania, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Mali.
 Submitted February 26

 Kenneth E. Carfine,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board for a term expiring September 21, 2010, vice Robert M. Tobias, 
term expired.

[[Page 307]]

 Peter E. Cianchette,

 of Maine, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Costa Rica.

 Colm F. Connolly,

 of Delaware, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Delaware, 
vice Kent A. Jordan, elevated.

 Edwin Eck,

 of Montana, to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board for a term expiring September 14, 2008, vice Karen Hastie 
Williams, term expired.

 Sheila McNamara Greenwood,

 of Louisiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development, vice Steven B. Nesmith, resigned.

 Paul A. Schneider,

 of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, vice Michael 
Jackson, resigned.
 Withdrawn February 26

 Peter E. Cianchette,

 of Maine, to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board for a term expiring September 14, 2010, vice Nancy Killefer, term 
expired, which was sent to the Senate on January 9, 2007.

 Stanley C. Suboleski,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Fossil Energy), 
vice Jeffrey D. Jarrett, resigned, which was sent to the Senate on 
December 11, 2007.

 Catherine G. West,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Internal Revenue 
Service Oversight Board for a term expiring September 14, 2008, vice 
Karen Hastie Williams, term expired, which was sent to the Senate on 
January 9, 2007.
 Submitted February 27

 Nanci E. Langley,

 of Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission 
for a term expiring November 22, 2012, vice Dawn A. Tisdale, term 
expired.

 Ronald D. Rotunda,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties 
Oversight Board for a term of 4 years expiring January 29, 2012 (new 
position).

 Daniel W. Sutherland,

 of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Privacy and Civil Liberties 
Oversight Board for a term of 6 years expiring January 29, 2014 (new 
position).

 Francis X. Taylor,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties 
Oversight Board for a term of 2 years expiring January 29, 2010 (new 
position).