Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 13 (Monday, April 7, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 13 (Monday, April 7, 2008)]
[Pages 477-479]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

March 30

    In the evening, at Nationals Park, the President and Mrs. Bush 
visited the Major League Baseball clubhouses of the Washington Nationals 
and the Atlanta Braves. Later, he threw out the ceremonial first pitch 
to open the game between the Nationals and the Braves. He and Mrs. Bush 
then watched the game.

March 31

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Kiev, 
Ukraine, arriving in the evening. While en route aboard Air Force One, 
he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Hyatt Regency Kiev.

April 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush met with U.S. Embassy staff and their families. They 
then traveled to the Presidential Secretariat, where they participated 
in an arrival ceremony with President Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine and 
his wife, Kateryna Mykhailivna Yushchenko.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
reception with President Yushchenko and Mrs. Yushchenko. During the 
reception, he met with Yatseniuk Arseniy Petrovych, Chairman of the 
Verkhovna Rada, and Viktor Yanukovych, Leader of the Party of Regions of 
Ukraine.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Club of Cabinet 
Ministers, where he met with Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko of 
Ukraine. Later, he traveled to the Holodomor Memorial, where he was 
joined by Mrs. Bush, President Yushchenko, and Mrs. Yushchenko. They all 
then traveled to St. Sophia's Cathedral, where they toured the cathedral 
and attended a musical performance.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Bucharest, Romania, arriving in the evening.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the JW 
Marriott Bucharest Grand Hotel.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the ceremony 
commemorating the 65th anniversary of the Warsaw ghetto uprising in 
Warsaw, Poland, on April 15: Michael Chertoff (head of delegation); 
Victor Ashe; Phyllis Heideman; David Mitzner; and Bill Lowenberg.

April 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Mihail Kogalniceanu, Romania, where, upon 
arrival at Mihail Kogalniceanu Airport, they participated in an arrival 
ceremony with President Traian Basescu of Romania and his wife, Maria. 
They then traveled to the Protocol Villas Neptun-Olimp in Neptun, 
Romania, arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Protocol Villas Neptun-Olimp dining 
room, the President had a working lunch with President Basescu. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush returned

[[Page 478]]

to the JW Marriott Bucharest Grand Hotel in Bucharest, Romania.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Cotroceni 
Palace, where, in the Union Hall, they participated in the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization summit official greeting. He then 
participated in the North Atlantic Council summit working dinner. Later, 
he returned to the JW Marriott Bucharest Grand Hotel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard E. 
Hoagland to be Ambassador to Kazakhstan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey F. Kupfer 
to be Deputy Secretary of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Elanie C. Duke to 
be Under Secretary for Management at the Department of Homeland 
Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Brandon Chad 
Bungard to be General Counsel for the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John P. Hewko to 
be Assistant Secretary (Aviation and International Affairs) at the 
Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Janice L. Jacobs 
to be Assistant Secretary (Bureau of Consular Affairs) at the Department 
of State.
    The President announced his intention to designate Patrick W. Dunne 
as Acting Under Secretary for Benefits of the Department of Veterans 
Affairs.

April 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the Palace of Parliament.
    In the afternoon, in the Rustic Hall of the Palace of Parliament, 
the President attended the Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council summit 
working lunch. Later, in the Unirii Hall of the Palace of Parliament, he 
attended the NATO summit meeting on Afghanistan. He then participated in 
an official photograph with participants of the NATO summit meeting on 
Afghanistan.
    In the evening, the President returned to the JW Marriott Bucharest 
Grand Hotel. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Athenaeum, where, 
in the theater, they attended a NATO cultural event. They then traveled 
to the Athenee Palace Hilton Bucharest Hotel, where they attended the 
NATO gala dinner.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the JW 
Marriott Bucharest Grand Hotel.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bartholomew H. 
Chilton and Scott O'Malia to be Commissioners on the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission.

April 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to the Palace of Parliament, where he attended the NATO-
Ukraine Commission summit meeting. He then attended the NATO-Russia 
Council summit meeting.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Zagreb, 
Croatia. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone 
conversation with President Thabo Mvuyelwa Mbeki of South Africa to 
discuss the situation in Zimbabwe. They then traveled to the Westin 
Zagreb hotel.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Office 
of the President, where they participated in an arrival ceremony with 
President Stjepan Mesic of Croatia and his wife, Milka. He then met with 
President Mesic. Later they returned to the Westin Zagreb hotel.
    The President announced that he has named Patrick S. Aylward as 
Special Assistant to the President and Director, Office of the Chief of 
Staff.
    The President announced that he has named Amy L. Farrell as Special 
Assistant to the President for Economic Policy at the National Economic 
Council.
    The President announced that he has named John S. Roberts as Special 
Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs.

[[Page 479]]