Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 23 (Monday, June 16, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 23 (Monday, June 16, 2008)]
[Pages 839-840]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted June 10

 John O. Agwunobi,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation for a term expiring February 9, 2014, vice 
Ephraim Batambuze, term expired.

[[Page 840]]

 Frederick S. Celec,

 of Virginia, to be Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Nuclear 
and Chemical and Biological Defense Programs, vice Dale Klein, resigned.

 Julius E. Coles,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2011, vice 
Willie Grace Campbell, term expired.

 Morgan W. Davis,

 of California, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation for a term expiring November 13, 2013, vice 
Edward Brehm, term expired.

 Marylyn Andrea Howe,

 of Massachusetts, to be a member of the National Council on Disability 
for a term expiring September 17, 2011 (reappointment).

 John Melvin Jones,

 of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Cooperative Republic of Guyana.

 John W. Leslie, Jr.,

 of Connecticut, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the African 
Development Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2013 
(reappointment).

 Heather McCallum,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2011, vice Cynthia Allen Wainscott, term 
expiring.

 Lonnie C. Moore,

 of Kansas, to be a member of the National Council on Disability for a 
term expiring September 17, 2011 (reappointment).

 Christina Alvarado Shanahan,

 of North Carolina, to be a member of the National Council on Disability 
for a term expiring September 17, 2011, vice Patricia Pound, term 
expired.
 Submitted June 12

 Matthew S. Petersen,

 of Utah, to be a member of the Federal Election Commission for a term 
expiring April 30, 2011, vice Hans von Spakovsky.