Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 25 (Monday, June 30, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 25 (Monday, June 30, 2008)]
[Pages 921-922]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, on the South Portico, the President participated 
in a photo opportunity with the 2008 Presidential Scholars.

June 24

    In the morning, the President had a video teleconference with 
President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to McLean, VA.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee reception. He then returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 1.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Holly A. Kuzmich 
to be Assistant Secretary for Legislation and Congressional Affairs at 
the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher M. 
Marston to be Assistant Secretary for Management at the Department of 
Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David D. Pearce to 
be Ambassador to Algeria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lyndon L. Olson, 
Jr., to be a member of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sambhu N. Banik as 
a member of the President's Committee for People With Intellectual 
Disabilities.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Bioethics: Floyd E. 
Bloom; Benjamin S. Carson, Sr.; Rebecca Susan Dresser; Nicolas 
Eberstadt; Jean B. Elshtain; Daniel Willett Foster; Michael S. 
Gazzaniga; Robert Peter George; Alfonso Gomez-Lobo; William Barton 
Hurlbut; Donald W. Landry; Peter A. Lawler; Paul Rodney McHugh; Gilbert 
Carl Meilaender, Jr.; Edmund D. Pellegrino; Janet Davison Rowley; Diana 
J. Schaub; and Carl E. Schneider.

June 25

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda of Japan. He then had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he met with Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, 
Jr., to discuss the economic situation.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Detroit, MI, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Jean Peirce. He then 
traveled to Livonia, MI.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 922]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Minnesota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 7 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 1 and continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Santanu ``Sandy'' 
K. Baruah to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jason J. Fichtner 
to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James A. Williams 
to be Administrator of the General Services Administration.

June 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD. Later, 
he participated in a welcoming ceremony with Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed 
Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi.
    The President announced that he has nominated Richard A. Anderson to 
be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board.
    The President announced that he has nominated Joseph F. Bader to be 
a member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board.
    The President announced that he has nominated Mark Everett Keenum to 
be a member of the Farm Credit Administration Board.
    The President announced that he has nominated Mary Lucille Jordan to 
be a member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President announced that he has nominated Matthew A. Reynolds to 
be Assistant Secretary of State (Legislative Affairs).
    The President announced that he has nominated Peter Robert Kann and 
Michael Meehan to be members of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.

June 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced that he has nominated Thomas A. Betro to be 
Inspector General at the Department of State.
    The President announced that he has nominated Brian H. Hook to be 
Assistant Secretary of State (International Organization Affairs) and 
his intentions to designate him Acting.