Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 35 (Monday, September 8, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 35 (Monday, September 8, 2008)]
[Pages 1176-1178]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 30

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Governor Bobby Jindal of Louisiana, Governor Haley Barbour of 
Mississippi, Governor Bob Riley of Alabama, and Governor Rick Perry of 
Texas to discuss Hurricane Gustav. He then had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President was briefed on Hurricane Gustav and 
Federal and State disaster response preparations.
    The President declared an emergency in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local response efforts due to the 
emergency conditions resulting from Hurricane Gustav beginning on August 
28 and continuing.
    The President declared an emergency in Alabama and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts due to the emergency 
conditions resulting from Hurricane Gustav beginning on August 29 and 
continuing.

August 31

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to discuss the situation in 
Georgia. Later, he had a telephone conversation with Mayor C. Ray Nagin 
of New Orleans, LA, to discuss Hurricane Gustav.

September 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to Austin, TX. While en route aboard Air Force One, he was 
briefed on Hurricane Gustav by Federal Emergency Management Agency 
Administrator R. David Paulison.
    Later in the morning, at the Texas Emergency Operations Center, he 
met with emergency operations center employees.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to San Antonio, TX. Then, 
at the Alamo Regional Command Reception Center at Lackland Air Force 
Base, he met with military personnel and Red Cross volunteers. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 1177]]

September 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator R. David 
Paulison to discuss Hurricane Gustav and Federal and State disaster 
response efforts.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Lusaka, Zambia, to attend the 
funeral of President Levy Patrick Mwanawasa of Zambia on September 3: 
Tevi Troy (head of delegation); Jendayi E. Frazer; R. Timothy Ziemer; 
and Michael Koplovsky.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Gustav on September 1 and continuing.

September 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Baton Rouge, LA. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
had separate telephone conversations with Governor Haley Barbour of 
Mississippi and Mayor C. Ray Nagin of New Orleans, LA, and was briefed 
on Hurricane Gustav by Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator 
R. David Paulison.
    Later in the morning, the President toured areas damaged by 
Hurricane Gustav. Later, at the Louisiana Emergency Operations Center, 
he met with emergency operations center staff, volunteers, and military 
personnel.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President met with Secretary of Defense Robert 
M. Gates and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Michael G. Mullen who 
presented him with Multi-National Force--Iraq Commanding General David 
H. Petraeus's recommendation for U.S. troop levels in Iraq.
    The President announced that he has named Sandra K. Evans as Special 
Assistant to the President and Director of the Office of Administration.
    The President announced that he has named Jamil Nazim Jaffer as 
Associate Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Karen Race as Special 
Assistant to the President and Director of White House Personnel.
    The President announced that he has named Kerrie Rushton as Special 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Strategic Initiatives.
    The President announced that he has named Heath P. Tarbert as 
Associate Counsel to the President.

September 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced that he has named Melissa Bennett as 
Assistant to the President for Appointments and Scheduling in the Office 
of Appointments and Scheduling.
    The President announced that he has named Linda Gambatesa as 
Assistant to the President for Management and Administration in the 
Office of Management and Administration.

September 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with Governor Mark Sanford of 
South Carolina, Governor Michael F. Easley of North Carolina, and 
Governor Tim Kaine of Virginia to discuss Tropical Storm Hanna and 
Federal and State disaster response preparations.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Gettysburg, PA, to tour 
the Gettysburg National Military Park.
    In the evening, the President returned to Camp David, MD.

[[Page 1178]]

    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia to the White House on September 20.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from July 24 to August 14.