Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 31 (Monday, August 11, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 31 (Monday, August 11, 2008)]
[Pages 1117-1118]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 2

    In the morning, at the Bush family home in Kennebunkport, ME, the 
President had an intelligence briefing. Later, he had a telephone 
conversation with President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil to 
discuss the recent World Trade Organization Doha round negotiations in 
Geneva, Switzerland.

August 3

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD. Later, 
he welcomed and met with Ruler of Dubai and Prime Minister Muhammad Bin 
Rashid Al Maktum of the United Arab Emirates.

August 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Ruler of Dubai and Prime Minister Muhammad Bin Rashid Al 
Maktum of the United Arab Emirates.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Andrews Air Force Base, 
MD, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush. They then traveled to Eielson Air 
Force Base, AK. While en route aboard Air Force One, he participated in 
an interview with Michael Abramowitz of the Washington Post.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush greeted and 
participated in photo opportunities with U.S. military personnel. He 
then met with the family of a soldier killed in the war on terror.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Seoul, South 
Korea, crossing the international dateline and arriving the following 
evening.

August 5

    In the morning, aboard Air Force One, the President had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, upon arrival at Seoul Air Base, South Korea, the 
President and Mrs. Bush participated in an arrival ceremony. They then 
traveled to the Grand Hyatt Seoul Hotel.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark V. Rosenker as 
Vice Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board.

August 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to the U.S. Embassy, where they met with 
Embassy staff and their families. They then traveled to the Blue House 
Presidential residence, where, in the Grand Garden, they participated in 
an arrival ceremony with President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea and his 
wife, Kim Yoon-ok.
    Later in the morning, at the Spring House, the President and Mrs. 
Bush had tea and participated in a social lunch with President Lee and 
his wife, Kim Yoon-ok.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to U.S. Army 
Garrison--Yongsan. Later, they traveled to Bangkok, Thailand, arriving 
in the evening.
    Later in the evening, the President traveled to the Government 
House, where he participated in a working dinner with Prime

[[Page 1118]]

Minister Samak Sundaravej of Thailand. Later, he traveled to the Four 
Seasons Hotel Bangkok.

August 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. Later, he 
toured the Human Development Foundation--Mercy Centre.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the U.S. Ambassador's 
residence, where he participated in a briefing on Cyclone Nargis 
disaster relief efforts in Burma and had lunch with Burmese activists. 
Later, he traveled to Don Muang Royal Thai Air Force Base, where he was 
joined by Mrs. Bush. They then traveled to Beijing, China, arriving in 
the evening.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Westin Beijing Chaoyang hotel.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Asuncion, Paraguay, to attend 
the inauguration of President Fernando Lugo on August 15: Carlos M. 
Gutierrez (head of delegation); Liliana Ayalde; Robert Mosbacher, Jr.; 
and Daniel W. Fisk.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Santo Domingo, Dominican 
Republic, to attend the inauguration of President Leonel Antonio 
Fernandez Reyna on August 16: Robert J. Portman (head of delegation); P. 
Robert Fannin; Julio Franco; Kathi Koll; and Omar Minaya.
    The President announced that he has named Brian Cossiboom as Special 
Assistant to the President for Presidential Personnel.
    The President announced that he has named J. Keith Ausbrook as 
Special Assistant to the President and Executive Secretary on the 
Homeland Security Council staff.

August 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, he 
and Mrs. Bush traveled to the U.S. Embassy, where they met with Embassy 
staff and their families. Later, they traveled to the Great Hall of the 
People.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a social 
reception and lunch hosted by President Hu Jintao of China and his wife, 
Liu Yongqing. During the reception, he met with Prime Minister Vladimir 
V. Putin of Russia to discuss the situation in Georgia.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Fencing 
Hall, where they met with International Olympic Committee President 
Jacques Rogge. Later, they traveled to National Stadium, where they 
attended the opening ceremony of the 2008 summer Olympic games. During 
the ceremony, the President again met with Prime Minister Putin to 
discuss the situation in Georgia.
    Later in the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the 
Westin Beijing Chaoyang hotel, where he met with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice and National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley to 
discuss the situation in Georgia.