Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 16 (Monday, April 28, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 16 (Monday, April 28, 2008)]
[Pages 600-601]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 19

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

April 20

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

April 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to New Orleans, LA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Audrey Browder.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Windsor Court 
Hotel.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Commander's Palace 
restaurant, where he participated in a dinner and entertainment with 
President Felipe de Jesus Calderon Hinojosa of Mexico and Prime Minister 
Stephen Harper of Canada. Later, he returned to the Windsor Court Hotel.
    The White House announced that the President will meet with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan at the White House on April 23.

April 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Dooky Chase's Restaurant, where he had breakfast with 
President Felipe de Jesus Calderon Hinojosa of Mexico and Prime Minister 
Stephen Harper of Canada. Then, he traveled to Gallier Hall, where he 
met with the North American Competitiveness Council.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Lafayette Square, where 
he, President Calderon, and Prime Minister Harper participated in a tree 
planting ceremony in honor of Earth Day. Later, he traveled to Baton 
Rouge, LA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Randy Raggio. Then, at a private residence, he attended a Kennedy 
Majority Committee reception.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the evening.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Belfast, Northern Ireland, to 
attend the U.S.-Northern Ireland Investment Conference: Paula J. 
Dobriansky (head of delegation); Robert H. Tuttle; Thomas C. Foley; 
Michael R. Bloomberg; David Scott; and Catherine Brune.
    The President announced his intention to nominate C. Steven McGann 
to be Ambassador to Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru, Tonga, and Tuvalu.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christine O. Hill 
to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Congressional Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey Leigh 
Sedgwick to be Assistant Attorney General (Office of Justice Programs) 
at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate T. Vance McMahan 
to be an Alternate Representative of the United States to the Sessions 
of the United Nations General Assembly during his tenure of service as 
the U.S. Representative on the Economic and Social Council to the United 
Nations.

April 23

    In the morning, in the Private Dining Room, the President had 
breakfast with King Abdullah II of Jordan. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Johns 
Hopkins Hospital organ donors and recipients. Later, also in the Oval 
Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with recipients of the 
Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award.

April 24

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Fernando Lugo of Paraguay to congratulate him on his 
April 21 election victory and discuss Paraguay-U.S. relations. He then 
had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kristen Silverberg 
to be Representative of the United States to the European Union, with 
the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.

[[Page 601]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Lyndon L. Olson, 
Jr., to be a member of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Victor Davis Hanson 
as a member of the American Battle Monuments Commission.
    The President declared an emergency in Ohio and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
record snow and near record snow from March 7-9.

April 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a signing ceremony for the 
Malaria Awareness Day Proclamation. He then traveled to Hartford, CT, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteers Kevin 
Eberly, Jr., and Joe Lapenta.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to South Kent, CT, where, 
at a private residence, he attended a David Cappiello for Congress and 
Connecticut Victory 2008 luncheon. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to designate Clay Lowery as 
Acting U.S. Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and Acting U.S. Director of the African Development Bank.
    The President announced his intention to designate David Reid 
Murtaugh as Acting Deputy Director for State, Local and Tribal Affairs 
in the Office of National Drug Control Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Robert R. Hood as Special 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Richard Graham Foote 
O'Donoghue as Associate Counsel to the President.