Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 15 (Monday, April 21, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 15 (Monday, April 21, 2008)]
[Pages 549-550]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 12

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

April 13

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

April 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

April 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he presented the Lifetime President's Volunteer 
Service Award to S. Truett Cathy. Then,

[[Page 550]]

also in the Oval Office, he participated in a signing ceremony for the 
Education and Sharing Day, U.S.A., Proclamation.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Andrews 
Air Force Base, MD, where they greeted Pope Benedict XVI upon his 
arrival. He then met with Pope Benedict XVI. Later, they returned to 
Washington, DC.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy to congratulate him on his 
election victory. He also had a telephone conversation with Secretary-
General Ban Ki-moon of the United Nations.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michele M. 
Leonhart to be Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration.

April 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Pope Benedict XVI.
    In the evening, in the East Room, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted 
a dinner in honor of the visit of Pope Benedict XVI.

April 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, on the North Portico, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a welcoming ceremony for Prime Minister Gordon Brown of 
the United Kingdom and his wife, Sarah. Later, in the Yellow Oval Room, 
they hosted a social dinner for Prime Minister Brown and Mrs. Brown.

April 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD. Later, they participated in a welcoming ceremony for 
President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea and his wife, Kim Yoon-ok.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a social dinner 
for President Lee and Kim Yoon-ok.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alvaro Colom Caballeros of Guatemala to the White House on April 28.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven C. Preston 
to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.