Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 15 (Monday, April 21, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 15 (Monday, April 21, 2008)]
[Pages 548-549]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Statement on the Appointment of Douglas V. O'Dell, Jr., as Coordinator 
of Gulf Coast Region Recovery and Rebuilding

April 18, 2008

    Today I am pleased to select Major General Doug O'Dell to serve as 
Coordinator of Federal support for the recovery and rebuilding of the 
gulf coast.
    General O'Dell is an innovative problem-solver with a wealth of 
experience in helping the people of the gulf coast region. As the 
commanding general of the 4th Marine Division in New Orleans in the 
aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, he employed over 2,700 marines and 
sailors to evacuate thousands of civilians, deliver essential cargo, and 
restore basic functions in more than 30 buildings. His strategic 
judgment during Hurricane Rita enabled troops to deliver relief almost 
immediately after the storm. He has earned the trust of many in the 
region, including State and local officials, and is the right person for 
this important job.
    General O'Dell understands the progress made in the gulf coast 
region, the important work ahead, and the great spirit of the people who 
call that region home. He will build on the efforts of Don Powell to 
help the people of the region continue to rebuild their lives and their 
communities. I also want to thank Paul Conway for doing a fine job as 
Interim Coordinator.
    I am pleased to announce as well that I have signed an Executive 
order to extend the Federal Coordinator position until February 28, 
2009. This extension will ensure a seamless transition into the next 
administration so that the Federal Government can continue

[[Page 549]]

to deliver effective, integrated, and responsible support to the people 
of the gulf coast region.