Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 32 (Monday, August 18, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 32 (Monday, August 18, 2008)]
[Pages 1132-1134]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 9

    In the morning, at the Westin Beijing Chaoyang hotel in Beijing, 
China, the President had an intelligence briefing. He was then briefed 
by Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary 
of State James F. Jeffrey and National Security Adviser Stephen J. 
Hadley on the situation in Georgia. Later, he traveled to the Chaoyang 
Park Olympic Beach Volleyball Venue, where he attended a U.S. men's and 
women's Olympic beach volleyball teams practice.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Fengtai Olympic 
Softball Field, where he attended a U.S. Olympic softball team practice.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to the Westin hotel. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to the U.S. Ambassador's residence, where they 
attended a reception with chief executive officer sponsors of the 2008 
U.S. summer Olympic team. They then returned to the Westin hotel.

[[Page 1133]]

    In the evening, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Dmitry A. Medvedev of Russia and President Mikheil 
Saakashvili of Georgia to discuss the situation in Georgia. He and Mrs. 
Bush then traveled to the Wukesong Culture and Sports Center--Basketball 
Gymnasium, where they attended the U.S. women's Olympic basketball game 
against the Czech Republic. Later, they returned to the Westin hotel.

August 10

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the Beijing 
Kuanjie Protestant Christian Church. Later, they traveled to the 
National Aquatics Center, where they attended various men's and women's 
Olympic swimming events.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Zhongnanhai compound. They then participated in a social lunch with 
President Hu Jintao of China and his wife, Liu Yongqing. Later, they 
returned to the Westin Beijing Chaoyang hotel.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Nicolas Sarkozy of France, in his capacity as President of the 
European Council, to discuss the situation in Georgia.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the U.S. 
Ambassador's residence, where they had dinner. Later, they traveled to 
the Wukeson Culture and Sports Center--Basketball Gymnasium, where they 
attended the U.S. men's Olympic basketball game against China. They then 
returned to the Westin hotel.

August 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to the International Broadcasting Center. Later, he traveled to 
the National Aquatics Center, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush.
    Later in the morning, the President met with members of the U.S. 
Olympic swim team. He and Mrs. Bush then attended various men's and 
women's Olympic swimming events. Later, they returned to the Westin 
Beijing Chaoyang hotel.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Wukesong Culture and Sports Center--Baseball Stadium, where they 
attended a practice game between the U.S. and Chinese Olympic baseball 
teams. Later, they returned to Washington, DC, crossing the 
international dateline. While en route aboard Air Force One, he had 
separate telephone conversations with Prime Minister Gordon Brown of the 
United Kingdom, President Valdas Adamkus of Lithuania, and President 
Lech Kaczynski of Poland to discuss the situation in Georgia.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Situation Room, the President met 
with the National Security Council to discuss the situation in Georgia.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia to discuss the situation in 
Georgia.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding on July 24.

August 12

    In the morning, the President was updated on the situation in 
Georgia by National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley. He then had a 
telephone conversation with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. Later, 
he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy and 
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany to discuss the situation in Georgia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the National Board 
for Education Sciences: Elizabeth Ann Bryan; Robert C. Granger; Caroline 
M. Hoxby; Douglas J. Besharov; Lynn S. Fuchs; Paul E. Peterson; John L. 
Winn; and Patrick J. Wolf.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Elsa A. Murano as a 
member of the Board for International Food and Agricultural Development.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Service and Civic 
Participation: Jean N. Case (and upon

[[Page 1134]]

appointment to redesignate her Chair); Raymond G. Chambers; Bo Derek; 
Evern Cooper Epps; Janine L. Gauntt; Kasey K. Kahne; Mary Beth King; 
Mary J. Myers; Michelle Nunn; Kelly Perdew; Corinne B. Roberts; Michael 
W. Smith (and upon appointment to redesignate him Vice Chair); Jordin 
Sparks; Wendy M. Spencer; Roxanne Spillett; Hope Taft; Daniel C. 
Wuerffel; and Mark G. Yudof.

August 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with President Mikheil 
Saakashvili of Georgia and President Nicolas Sarkozy of France, in his 
capacity as President of the European Council, to discuss the situation 
in Georgia. Then, in Room 231 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a ribbon-cutting 
ceremony for the Secretary of War Suite.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with 2008 Scripps National Spelling Bee champion 
Sameer Mishra.

August 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing, in which 
he was updated on the situation in Georgia. He then had separate 
telephone conversations with President Valdas Adamkus of Lithuania and 
President Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine to discuss the situation in 
Georgia. Later, he traveled to Central Intelligence Agency Headquarters 
in Langley, VA, where he participated in separate briefings on the war 
on terror and the situation in Georgia.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Central Intelligence 
Agency employees. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Mexico and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on July 26 and 
continuing.

August 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with President Toomas Ilves of Estonia to 
discuss the situation in Georgia. Later, he traveled to the Bush Ranch 
in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the follow 
individuals as U.S. Commissioners on the Commission for the Conservation 
and Management of Highly Migratory Fish Stocks in the Western and 
Central Pacific Ocean: Rick Gaffney; William H. Gibbsons-Fly; Paul M. 
Krampe; Jane C. Luxton; and Peter Young.
    The President announced his intention to designate Santanu ``Sandy'' 
K. Baruah as Acting Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, a tornado, and flooding on July 18.