Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 30 (Monday, August 4, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 30 (Monday, August 4, 2008)]
[Pages 1087-1089]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Prime Minister Syed 
Yousuf Raza Gilani of Pakistan. Later, in the East Room, he participated 
in a photo opportunity with members of the Texas 4-H and Youth 
Development Program. Then, in the Oval Office, he participated in an 
interview with John Chettle for his book ``The Shaping of the 
President's Mind: What They Read and Why It Matters.''

July 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a bill signing 
ceremony for H.R. 1553, the Caroline Price Walker Conquer Childhood 
Cancer Act of 2008.
    During the day, the President met with Chinese human rights 
activists Bob Fu, Sasha Gong, Ciping Huang, Rebiya Kadeer, Wei 
Jingsheng, Harry Wu, and interpreter Alim Seytoff. Later, he dropped by 
a meeting between National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley and 
Minister of Foreign Affairs Yang Jiechi of China.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cleveland, OH, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Linda Campbell. 
Later, he traveled to Euclid, OH, where he toured Lincoln Electric 
Company. He then traveled to Gates Mill, OH, where, at a private 
residence, he attended a Congressional Trust 2008 reception.

[[Page 1088]]

    In the evening, the President stopped by the home of Gates Mill, OH, 
resident Ruth E. Harris to wish her a happy 91st birthday. He then 
returned to Washington, DC. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
participated in a bill signing ceremony for S. 2766, the Clean Boating 
Act of 2008.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick W. Dunne 
to be Under Secretary for Benefits of the Department of Veterans 
Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James A. Slutz to 
be Assistant Secretary of Energy (Fossil Energy) and to designate him as 
Acting.
    The President announced his intention to appoint B. Jackson Miller, 
Dana M. Muir, and John J. Szczur as members of the Advisory Committee to 
the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

July 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, in 
the East Room, he participated in a photo opportunity with recipients of 
the Scouts in Action Commendation and the families of Boy Scouts who 
where killed during the June 11 tornado in Little Sioux, IA. Later, he 
traveled to Lewisburg, WV, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Jackie Goodall.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to White Sulphur 
Springs, WV. Later, he traveled to the Bush family home in 
Kennebunkport, ME, arriving in the afternoon.
    The White House announced that the President, Mrs. Bush, and their 
daughter Barbara will attend the opening ceremony of the Olympic games 
in Beijing, China, on August 8 along with the following members of the 
Presidential delegation: George H.W. Bush; Clark T. Randt, Jr., and 
Sarah Talcott Randt; Marvin and Margaret Bush; Dorothy Bush Koch; Roland 
and Lois Betts; and Brad Freeman.
    The President declared a major disaster in Idaho and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
flooding from May 15-June 9.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gineen Bresso 
Beach to be a Commissioner of the Election Assistance Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Eileen Johnson, 
Robert C. O'Brien, and James Wright Willis as members of the Cultural 
Property Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael Lewis 
Cromartie and Leonard A. Leo as members of the U.S. Commission on 
International Religious Freedom.
    The President announced his intention to designate Cheryl Ann Oldham 
as Acting Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education at the 
Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to designate Katharine Lee 
Reid as Chairman of the Cultural Property Advisory Committee.

August 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced that he has nominated Michael W. Hager to be 
Director of the Office of Personnel Management and that he intends to 
designate him as Acting.
    The President announced that he has nominated Deborah Hersman to be 
a member of the National Transportation Safety Board.
    The President announced that he has nominated Gregori Lebedev to be 
U.S. Representative to the United Nations for U.N. Management and 
Reform, with the rank of Ambassador, and Alternate U.S. Representative 
to the Sessions of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced that he has nominated Sung Y. Kim to be 
accorded the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Special 
Envoy for the Six-Party Talks.

[[Page 1089]]