Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 28 (Monday, July 21, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 28 (Monday, July 21, 2008)]
[Pages 1006-1008]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 12

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

July 13

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

July 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the home 
of former White House Press Secretary Tony Snow in Alexandria, VA, where 
they met with Tony's family and expressed their condolences for Tony's 
death on July 12. They then returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 1007]]

    During the day, the President met with Special Envoy to Sudan 
Richard S. Williamson.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Blaise Compaore of Burkina Faso to the White House on July 16.
    The President declared a major disaster in Michigan and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from June 6-13.

July 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with the 2008 MATHCOUNTS National Competition Award 
recipients.
    The President declared a major disaster in Vermont and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from June 14-17.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas J. Madison 
to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration at the 
Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Reid 
Murtaugh to be Deputy Director for State, Local, and Tribal Affairs in 
the Office of National Drug Control Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Beverly Allen, 
Donald H. Dyal, and Jeffrey B. Rudman to be members of the National 
Museum and Library Services Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ronald R. Hall, 
David B. Jones, and James Lorand Matory as members of the Cultural 
Property Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Architectural and Transportation Barriers 
Compliance Board: Edward H. Gee; Phillip D. Jenkins; Nancy Ann Starnes; 
and Hans A. Van Winkle.

July 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, in the State Dining Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush hosted a social dinner in honor of Major League Baseball. Later, in 
the Rose Garden, they attended a performance by entertainer Kenny 
Chesney.

July 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a video teleconference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of 
Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Redding, CA, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteers Mark Hendrick, Jake 
Wellman, and Alex Braden. Then, at the U.S. Forest Service Pacific 
Southwest Region Headquarters, he participated in a briefing on wildfire 
damage and firefighting efforts. Later, he traveled to Napa, CA.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee dinner. Later, he traveled to Tucson, AZ.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John A. Simon to 
be Representative of the United States to the African Union with the 
Rank and Status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.

July 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at a private residence, he attended a Tim Bee for Congress and Arizona 
Trust reception. He then traveled to Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, where 
he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Mary Frances Ward.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Houston, TX, 
arriving in the afternoon.
    Later in the afternoon, at a private residence, the President 
attended an Olson for Congress and Texas Victory Committee reception. He 
then traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, arriving in the 
evening.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, straight-line winds, and flooding on June 27.

[[Page 1008]]