Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 5 (Monday, February 11, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 5 (Monday, February 11, 2008)]
[Pages 172-174]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 2

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

February 3

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

February 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister-elect Samak 
Sundaravej of Thailand to congratulate him on his appointment. He then 
had separate telephone conversations with New

[[Page 173]]

York Giants president and chief executive officer John K. Mara, chairman 
and executive vice president Steve Tisch, head coach Tom Coughlin, and 
quarterback Eli Manning to congratulate them on their February 3 Super 
Bowl victory.

February 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from January 7-10.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Hugo Llorens to be 
Ambassador to Honduras.
    The President announced his intention to designate John L. Morrison 
as a member of the Intelligence Oversight Board on the President's 
Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board.

February 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with Governor Bob Riley of 
Alabama, Governor Haley Barbour of Mississippi, Governor Mike Beebe of 
Arkansas, Governor Steve Beshear of Kentucky, and Governor Phil Bredesen 
of Tennessee to discuss the damage and recovery efforts in the areas 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on February 5.
    The White House announced that the President will host Secretary 
General Jakob Gijsbert ``Jaap'' de Hoop Scheffer of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization at the White House on February 29.
    The President declared a major disaster in Hawaii and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, high surf, flooding, and mudslides from 
December 4-7.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Thomas-
Greenfield to be Ambassador to Liberia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan D. Peppler 
to be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (Community 
Planning and Development).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ralph E. Martinez 
to be a member of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission.

February 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that due to the President's travel to 
Tennessee on Friday, he will now welcome President Amadou Toumani Toure 
of Mali to the White House on February 12.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Donald Tusk of Poland to the White House on March 10.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding beginning on February 5 
and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Tennessee and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, straight-line winds, and flooding 
from February 5-6.

February 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Nashville, TN, where, upon arrival, he met with Wilson 
County Emergency Management employee David Harmon, who rescued an 11-
month-old baby after the February 5 tornadoes.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Lafayette, TN. While 
en route aboard Marine One, he, Governor Phil Bredesen of Tennessee, and 
Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator R. David Paulison took 
an aerial tour of the areas damaged by the February 5 tornadoes.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will host 
Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark and his wife, Anne-Mette 
Rasmussen, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, on February 29 and March 
1.

[[Page 174]]

    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia to Washington on March 19.