Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 33 (Monday, August 25, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 33 (Monday, August 25, 2008)]
[Pages 1149-1150]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 16

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing followed by a briefing on the situation in 
Georgia.

August 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a video teleconference briefing on Tropical Storm Fay with Secretary 
of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff and Federal Emergency Management 
Agency personnel.

August 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing, in which 
he was briefed on the deaths of 10 French soldiers who were killed in an 
ambush on August 18 in Kabul Province, Afghanistan. He was then briefed 
on the current situation in Georgia and Secretary of State Condoleezza 
Rice's meeting with NATO allies in Brussels, Belgium.
    The President announced that Secretary of Labor Elaine L. Chao will 
replace Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice as head of the Presidential 
delegation attending the closing ceremony of the Olympic games in 
Beijing, China, on August 24.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James X. Dempsey 
to be a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate James A. Williams 
as Acting Administrator of the General Services Administration.

August 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Orlando, FL. He then traveled to the Orange County 
Convention Center, where he presented the President's Volunteer Service 
Award to Keela Carr, who recently walked across the country to thank and 
raise support for U.S. military personnel.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA. He then 
traveled to Jackson Barracks, headquarters for the Louisiana National 
Guard, where he toured the facilities. Later, he traveled to Gulfport, 
MS.
    In the evening, the President met with Leslee Morrow Curry and 
Krysten and Trevor Curry, wife and children of Gulfport Police Officer 
Robert J. Curry who was killed on August 14 in a motorcycle accident. He 
then returned to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.

August 21

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
former President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to wish him well and thank 
him for his cooperation in the war on terror. He then had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani of Pakistan to 
express his condolences for the loss of life due to the terrorist 
attacks in Dera Ismail Khan on August 19 and in Wah on August 21 and to 
discuss the war on terror and U.S. economic assistance. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Counselor to the 
President Edward W. Gillespie.
    The President declared an emergency in Florida and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts due to the emergency 
conditions resulting from Tropical Storm Fay beginning on August 18 and 
continuing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Young to 
be a member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members

[[Page 1150]]

of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the 
Performing Arts: Herbert V. Kohler, Jr.; Carl H. Lindner III; Marilyn 
Carlson Nelson; Robert Frank Pence; David Rubenstein; Shirley W. Ryan; 
and Marc I. Stern.

    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation: 
John L. Berrey; Bill Haslam; Mark A. Sadd; and John Williams.

    The President announced his intention to designate David Kelly as 
Acting Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration at the Department of Transportation.

August 22

    In the morning, the President had a video teleconference with 
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to discuss her trip to Baghdad, 
Iraq. He then had a video teleconference with his national security 
advisers, who briefed him on the current situation in Iraq. Later, he 
had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. He then had a telephone 
conversation with President Nicolas Sarkozy of France to express his 
condolences for the deaths of the 10 French soldiers who were killed on 
August 18 in Kabul Province, Afghanistan, and to discuss President 
Sarkozy's trip to Afghanistan and the situation in Georgia.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome President John Agyekum Kufuor of Ghana and his wife, Theresa, 
for a state visit on September 15.