Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 42 (Monday, October 27, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 42 (Monday, October 27, 2008)]
[Pages 1380-1381]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 18

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

October 19

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

October 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Alexandria, LA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Marion Harrison.
    In the afternoon, the President met with families of military 
personnel killed in the war on terror. He then returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Fernando Armindo Lugo Mendez of Paraguay to the White House on October 
27.
    The President announced that he has named Jon C. Brause as Special 
Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Relief, 
Stabilization, and Development at the National Security Council.
    The President announced that he has named Barrett Karr as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs in the White House 
Office of Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Luis A. Reyes as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Presidential Personnel.

October 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Sewall-Belmont House and Museum, the 
President attended a National Republican Senatorial Committee reception.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Mirek Topolanek of the Czech Republic to the White House on 
October 29.

October 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with recipients of the Public Safety Officer Medal 
of Valor.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Tropical Storm Ike from September 13-23.

October 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he 
met and participated in a photo opportunity with participants of the 
U.S. Middle East Partnership Initiative.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert A. DeHaan 
to be Assistant Secretary (Transportation Policy) at the Department of 
Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the State Justice 
Institute: Steven C. Hollon; Joseph E. Lambert; Gayle A. Nachtigal; 
Arthur G. Scotland; and Gerald W. VandeWalle.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Abram Claude, Jr., 
as a member of the Committee for Purchase from People Who Are Blind or 
Severely Disabled.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Marc Gordon as a 
member of the

[[Page 1381]]

President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Herbert Briick and 
Elizabeth Rindskopf as members of the Public Interest Declassification 
Board.
    The President announced that he has designated William E. Reukauf as 
Acting Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel.

October 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Meade, MD, where, at the National Security Agency--
Operations Building, he participated in briefings.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with National Security 
Agency employees. He then returned to Washington, DC. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he met with Secretary General Jakob Gijsbert ``Jaap'' de Hoop 
Scheffer of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
    In the evening, in the East Room, the President participated in a 
signing ceremony for North Atlantic Treaty Organization accession 
protocols for Albania and Croatia.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
a severe wind storm associated with Tropical Depression Ike on September 
14.