Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44 Issue 38 (Monday, September 29, 2008)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 44, Number 38 (Monday, September 29, 2008)]
[Pages 1267-1268]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, on the North Portico, the President and Mrs. Bush 
greeted President Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia.

September 21

    In the evening, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, Jr., and President Hu 
Jintao of China to discuss the financial markets situation.

September 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to New York City, NY, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, 
he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Joey Rizzolo, Jr.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Colts Neck, NJ, 
where, at a private residence, he attended a Lance-Myers New Jersey 
Trust reception. Later, he traveled to the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New 
York City, NY.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a U.S. heads of 
state reception.
    The President declared a major disaster in Mississippi and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by Hurricane Gustav from August 28 to September 8.

September 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. 
Paulson, Jr., to discuss the financial markets situation. Later, he 
traveled to the United Nations Headquarters.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to the Millennium UN 
Plaza Hotel, where he was joined by Mrs. Bush.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Governors 
Island, where they participated in a photo opportunity with dissidents. 
Later, they returned to the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
    In the evening, the President traveled to the United Nations 
Headquarters, where he met with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon of the 
United Nations. Later, he returned to the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.

September 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
traveled to the Council of the Americas, where he participated in a 
meeting on free trade with Western Hemisphere leaders. Later, he and 
Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, DC.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Republican Presidential nominee John McCain to discuss the suspension of 
his political campaign and the financial markets situation. He also had 
a telephone conversation with Democrat Presidential nominee Barack 
Obama.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael S. Doran 
to be Assistant Secretary of State (International Information Programs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Grasty Crews 
II to be Inspector General of the Small Business Administration.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Duane R. Roberts, 
Donald J. Hall, Jr., and Joan Hotchkis as members of the Board of 
Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to designate Elizabeth Johnson 
as Acting Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food Safety.

[[Page 1268]]

September 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a bill signing ceremony for S. 
3406, the ADA Amendments Act of 2008. Then, also in the Oval Office, he 
participated in a photo opportunity and met with leaders of the Orthodox 
Union.
    In the evening, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
dinner with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine to the White House on September 29.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul A. Quander, 
Jr., to be Director of the Court Services and Offender Supervision 
Agency for the District of Columbia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate F. Chase Hutto III 
to be Assistant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs and Domestic 
Policy).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board: Mark 
D. Abkowitz; Thure E. Cerling; David J. Duquette; and Ronald M. 
Latanision.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the National Council on the Arts: Chas Fagan; 
JoAnn Falletta; Lee Greenwood; and Barbara Ernst Prey.
    The President announced his intention to designate Karthik 
Ramanathan as Acting Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Financial 
Markets).

September 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met separately 
with President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan and Prime Minister Gordon 
Brown of the United Kingdom.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Republican Leader 
John A. Boehner to discuss the financial markets situation.
    In the evening, in the Thomas Jefferson Building at the Library of 
Congress, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the 2008 National Book 
Festival Gala performance and dinner.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alabama and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding associated with Hurricane Ike from 
September 12-14.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides from July 
27-August 6.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Irvin Mayfield as 
a member of the National Council on the Arts.