Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 43 (Monday, October 30, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 43 (Monday, October 30, 2006)]
[Pages 1905-1906]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley; Deputy National Security 
Adviser Jack D. Crouch II; State and Defense Department officials; 
military commanders; and Vice President Dick Cheney, who participated 
via video teleconference.

October 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. He then met with 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, in the East Room, the President participated 
in a photo opportunity with crew members of the Space Shuttle Discovery, 
Space Shuttle Atlantis, and Space Station Expeditions 11, 12, and 13. 
Then, on the South Portico, he and Mrs. Bush participated in a photo 
opportunity with King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with the 
King and Queen Sweden. He then went to the Urban Trust Bank, where he 
participated in a discussion on the economy with small-business owners 
and community bankers. Later, in the Old Family Dining Room, he 
participated in an interview with Maria Bartiromo of CNBC, for later 
broadcast.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Hanoi, 
Vietnam, to attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Leaders' 
Meeting on November 18-19, to meet with President Nguyen Minh Triet and 
Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung of Vietnam on November 17, and that he 
will travel to Singapore and Indonesia.

October 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Sarasota, FL, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Tom Cooney.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Fort Lauderdale, 
FL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer David 
Greenberger. He then traveled to Boca Raton, FL, where, at a private 
residence, he attended a Republican National Committee dinner.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on October 12-13 and continuing.

October 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
an interview with print journalists.

October 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Des Moines, IA, where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sally Bates.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Clinton Township, 
MI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer George 
Kolf. He then traveled to Warren, MI.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Map Room, he participated in separate interviews with

[[Page 1906]]

Laurie Kinney of Hearst-Argyle Television, Grant Rampy of Tribune 
Broadcasting, and Jim Fry of Belo Broadcasting.
    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Deputy Regional Forester Tom Tidwell of the U.S. Forest Service to 
express his condolences for the deaths of four Forest Service 
firefighters in the fire near Palm Springs, CA.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a fire from August 3-4.