Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 48 (Monday, December 4, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 48 (Monday, December 4, 2006)]
[Pages 2115-2117]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 25

    In the morning at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

November 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Tallinn,

[[Page 2116]]

Estonia. While en route, aboard Air Force One, he had separate telephone 
conversations with President Hu Jintao of China, President Hosni Mubarak 
of Egypt, and President Jacques Chirac of France.
    In the afternoon, aboard Air Force One, the President had a 
telephone conversation with former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of 
Italy.
    In the evening, upon arrival in Tallinn, the President went to the 
Radisson SAS.

November 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with U.S. Embassy personnel and their families.
    Later in the morning, the President went to Kadriorg Palace where he 
participated in an arrival ceremony and official photograph with 
President Toomas Ilves of Estonia. Later, in the State Council Hall, he 
met with President Ilves.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the Estonian National Opera 
House where he had lunch with President Ilves.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Riga, Latvia, 
where, upon arrival, he went to Riga Castle where he met with President 
Vaira Vike-Freiberga of Latvia. Later, he went to the Radisson SAS.
    In the evening, the President went to the Latvian National Opera 
where he attended a cultural performance. He then had a working dinner 
with NATO members. Later, he returned to the Radisson SAS.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the Inauguration of 
Felipe de Jesus Calderon Hinojosa as President of Mexico on December 1: 
former President George H.W. Bush (head of delegation); Antonio O. 
Garza; Alberto R. Gonzales; and Carlos M. Gutierrez.

November 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
met with U.S. Embassy personnel and their families. Later, he went to 
the Olympic Sports Centre where he participated in a working session for 
the North Atlantic Council.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a NATO leaders group 
photograph. He then had lunch with NATO leaders.

    In the evening, the President traveled to Amman, Jordan, where, upon 
arrival, he went to the Raghadan Palace where he met with King Abdullah 
II of Jordan. They then had dinner.

    Later in the evening, the President went to the Four Seasons Hotel 
Amman.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Laura L. Rogers as 
Director of the Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, 
Apprehending, Registering, and Tracking at the Department of Justice.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Carlos Marin as 
Commissioner of the International Boundary and Water Commission (United 
States and Mexico).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Board of Advisers on Tribal 
Colleges and Universities: Verna Fowler; Joseph George Hiller; Richard 
Dennis Stephens; and Edward K. Thomas.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals to be members of the President's Board of Advisers on 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities: Belinda Childress 
Anderson; Delbert W. Baker; Brett Everett Fuller; Ivory V. Nelson; and 
Beverly Daniel Tatum.
    The President announced his intention to designate Mary Beth 
Buchanan as Designate Acting Director of the Office of Violence Against 
Women at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced that he has named Scott Stanzel as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Press Secretary.
    The President announced that he has named Alan Swendiman as Special 
Assistant to the President and Director, Office of Administration.
    The President announced that he has named Christopher G. Oprison as 
Associate Counsel to the President.
    The President announced that he has named Cheryl Stanton as 
Associate Counsel to the President.

[[Page 2117]]

November 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had breakfast with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. They then 
had a meeting.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Thabo Mbeki of South Africa to the White House on December 8.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Daniel J. Carroll, 
Jr., and Howard L. Lance as members of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to designate Gary D. Forsee as 
Chairman of the President's National Security Telecommunications 
Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to designate Randall L. 
Stephenson as Vice-Chairman of the President's National Security 
Telecommunications Advisory Committee.

December 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.