Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 29 (Monday, July 24, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 29 (Monday, July 24, 2006)]
[Pages 1373-1375]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 15

    In the morning, in Strelna, Russia, the President had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the Konstantinovsky Palace Complex, the 
President had a working lunch with President Vladimir Putin of Russia.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Petrodvorets, Russia, 
where, at the Peterhof, he attended a G-8 summit social dinner and 
entertainment. Later, he returned to Strelna.

July 16

    In the morning, at the Konstantinovsky Palace Complex, the President 
participated in G-8 summit meetings. He then met with Junior 8 student 
leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with G-8 
leaders. Later, he participated in G-8 summit meetings.
    In the evening, the President had a working dinner with G-8 leaders.

July 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the

[[Page 1374]]

Konstantinovsky Palace Complex, he participated in G-8 summit meetings.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with G-8 
leaders. Later, he participated in a photo opportunity with G-8 leaders 
and leaders of international organizations. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Clyde Bishop to be 
Ambassador to the Marshall Islands.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark R. Dybul to 
be Coordinator of the U.S. Government Activities to Combat HIV/AIDS 
Globally with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter W. Tredick 
to be a member of the National Mediation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen M. 
Prescott and Anne Jeannette Udall to be members of the Board of Trustees 
of the Morris K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National 
Environmental Policy Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Louis Mead 
Treadwell II, Vera K. Metcalf, and Charles J. Vorosmarty as members of 
the National Arctic Research Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Timothy Pawlenty as 
a member of the National Infrastructure Advisory Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sidney R. Unobskey 
as an alternate member of the Roosevelt Campobello International Park 
Commission.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Lima, Peru, to attend the 
Inauguration of President Alan Garcia Perez of Peru on July 28: Carlos 
M. Gutierrez (head of delegation); and James Curtis Struble.

July 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with members 
of the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Then, 
in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he 
participated in a photo opportunity with 2006 Indianapolis 500 winner 
Sam Hornish, Jr., and his wife, Crystal.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a dinner for 
former Archbishop of Washington Theodore E. Cardinal McCarrick, incoming 
Archbishop of Washington Donald W. Wuerl, and Papal Nuncio Archbishop 
Pietro Sambi.

July 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Salva 
Kiir, First Vice President of Sudan and President of Southern Sudan, to 
the White House on July 20.

July 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 
of Turkey to discuss the situation in Lebanon and recent terrorist 
attacks in Turkey.
    Also in the morning, the President dropped by a meeting between Vice 
Chairman of the Central Military Commission Gen. Guo Boxiong of China 
and National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sharon Lynn Hays 
to be Associate Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert W. Johnson 
to be Commissioner of Reclamation at the Department of the Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James R. Kunder to 
be Deputy Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Martin 
Ourisman to be Ambassador to Barbados, Ambassador to Saint

[[Page 1375]]

Kitts and Nevis, Ambassador to Saint Lucia, Ambassador to Antigua and 
Barbuda, Ambassador to Dominica, Ambassador to Grenada, and Ambassador 
to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Bijan Rafiekian to 
be a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the 
U.S.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Karen B. Stewart 
to be Ambassador to Belarus.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Todd I. Stewart to 
be a member of the National Security Education Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jane Marie Doggett 
to be a member of the National Council on the Humanities.
July 21
    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Aurora, CO.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Englewood, CO. Later, at 
a private residence, he made remarks at a reception for congressional 
candidate Rick O'Donnell. He then traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to the White House on July 28.
    The President declared an emergency in Missouri and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms beginning on July 19 and continuing.