Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 46 (Monday, November 20, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 46 (Monday, November 20, 2006)]
[Pages 2069-2072]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted November 13

 Katherine Almquist,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for 
International Development, vice Lloyd O. Pierson, resigned.

 Andrew G. Biggs,

 of New York, to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security for the 
remainder of the

[[Page 2070]]

term expiring January 19, 2007, vice James B. Lockhart III.

 Andrew G. Biggs,

 of New York, to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security for a term 
expiring January 19, 2013 (reappointment).

 Dan Gregory Blair,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Postal Rate 
Commission for a term expiring October 14, 2012, vice George A. Omas, 
term expired.

 Terry L. Cline,

 of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental 
Health Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, 
vice Charles Curie, resigned.

 Benjamin Donenberg,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a 
term expiring September 3, 2012, vice Maribeth McGinley, term expired.

 Charles E. Dorkey III,

 of New York, to be a member of the Advisory Board of the Saint Lawrence 
Seaway Development Corporation, vice James S. Simpson.

 Foreststorn Hamilton,

 of New York, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a 
term expiring September 3, 2012, vice Mary Costa, term expired.

 Richard Allan Hill,

 of Montana, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for National and Community Service for a term expiring June 10, 2009, 
vice Juanita Sims Doty, term expired.

 Daine Humetewa,

 of Arizona, to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. 
Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy 
Foundation for a term expiring August 25, 2012, vice Richard Narcia, 
term expired.

 Joan Israelite,

 of Missouri, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a 
term expiring September 3, 2012, vice Don V. Cogman, term expired.

 Mark Everett Keenum,

 of Mississippi, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and 
Foreign Agricultural Services, vice J. B. Penn.

 Mark Everett Keenum,

 of Mississippi, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Commodity Credit Corporation, vice J. B. Penn.

 Scott A. Keller,

 of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development, vice Steven B. Nesmith, resigned.

 Charlotte P. Kessler,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a term 
expiring September 3, 2012, vice Katharine DeWitt, term expired.

 Robert Bretley Lott,

 of Louisiana, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a 
term expiring September 3, 2012, vice Teresa Lozano Long, term expired.

 William Francis Price, Jr.,

 of California, to be a member of the National Council on the Arts for a 
term expiring September 3, 2012, vice Evelyn Dee Potter Rose, term 
expired.

 Anthony W. Ryan,

 of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, vice 
Timothy S. Bitsberger.

 Paul A. Schneider,

 of Maryland, to be Under Secretary for Management, Department of 
Homeland Security, vice Janet Hale, resigned.

 Leon R. Sequeira,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor, vice Veronica 
Vargas Stidvent.

 Ellen C. Williams,

 of Kentucky, to be a Governor of the U.S. Postal Service for a term 
expiring December 8, 2016 (reappointment).

[[Page 2071]]

 Submitted November 14

 Steven G. Bradbury,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General, vice Jack Landman 
Goldsmith III, resigned.

 Paul DeCamp,

 of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, 
Department of Labor, vice Tammy Dee McCutchen, resigned.

 Elizabeth Dougherty,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Mediation 
Board for a term expiring July 1, 2007, vice Edward J. Fitzmaurice, Jr., 
term expired.

 Elizabeth Dougherty,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Mediation 
Board for a term expiring July 1, 2010 (reappointment).

 Arlene Holen,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the Federal Mine Safety 
and Health Review Commission for a term of 6 years expiring August 30, 
2010, vice Robert H. Beatty, Jr., term expired.

 Richard Stickler,

 of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety 
and Health, vice David D. Lauriski, resigned to which position he was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Kenneth Y. Tomlinson,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors for 
a term expiring August 13, 2007 (reappointment).

 Kenneth Y. Tomlinson,

 of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors 
(reappointment).

 Peter W. Tredick,

 of California, to be a member of the National Mediation Board for a 
term expiring July 1, 2009, vice Read Van de Water, term expired.
 Withdrawn November 14

 Elizabeth Dougherty,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the National Mediation 
Board for a term expiring July 1, 2009, vice Read Van de Water, term 
expiring, which was sent to the Senate on May 25, 2006.

 Peter W. Tredick,

 of California, to be a member of the National Mediation Board for a 
term expiring July 1, 2007, vice Edward J. Fitzmaurice, Jr., term 
expired, which was sent to the Senate on March 27, 2006.

 Peter W. Tredick,

 of California, to be a member of the National Mediation Board for a 
term expiring July 1, 2010 (reappointment), which was sent to the Senate 
on July 18, 2006.
 Submitted November 16

 Terrence W. Boyle,

 of North Carolina, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, 
vice J. Dickson Phillips, Jr., retired.

 William James Haynes II,

 of Virginia, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, vice H. 
Emory Widener, Jr., retiring.

 Peter D. Keisler,

 of Maryland, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia 
Circuit, vice John G. Roberts, Jr., elevated.

 William Gerry Myers III,

 of Idaho, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, vice Thomas 
G. Nelson, retired.

 James Edward Rogan,

 of California, to be U.S. District Judge for the Central District of 
California, vice Nora M. Manella, resigned.

 Margaret A. Ryan,

 of Virginia, to be a Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed 
Forces for the term of 15 years to expire on the date prescribed by law, 
vice Herman F. Gierke, term expired.

 Benjamin Hale Settle,

 of Washington, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of 
Washington, vice Franklin D. Burgess, retired.

[[Page 2072]]

 Norman Randy Smith,

 of Idaho, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, vice Stephen 
S. Trott, retired.

 Scott Wallace Stucky,

 of Maryland, to be a Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed 
Forces for the term of 15 years to expire on the date prescribed by law, 
vice Susan J. Crawford, term expired.

 Michael Brunson Wallace,

 of Mississippi, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, vice 
Charles W. Pickering, Sr., retired.