Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 25 (Monday, June 26, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 25 (Monday, June 26, 2006)]
[Pages 1216-1218]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 17

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

June 18

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

June 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to New York City where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Christopher Branning. He then traveled to Kings 
Point, NY.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Mikheil Saakashvili of Georgia to the White House on July 5.

June 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Vienna, Austria, arriving in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William B. Wark 
and William E. Wright to be members of the Chemical Safety and Hazard 
Investigation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert L. Wilkie 
to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Warren Bell, Chris 
Boskin, and David H. Pryor to be members of the Board of Directors of 
the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Edmund G. 
Archuleta, David Michael Cote, and James B. Nicholson as members of the 
National Infrastructure Advisory Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Susan Schanlaber 
Barnes as a member of the the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation 
and, upon appointment, to designate her Vice Chair.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Rhonda Bentz as a 
member of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.

[[Page 1217]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Benjamin K. Homan 
and David A. Williams as members of the Helping To Enhance the 
Livelihood of People (HELP) Around the Globe Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Community Development Advisory Board: 
Jennings David Colbert (Native American Tribal Development 
Representative); J. French Hill (Insured Depository Institution 
Representative); Farah M. Jimenez (Community Development 
Representative); Jack Lund (Consumer/Public Interest Organization 
Representative); and L. Raymond Moncrief (Community Development 
Financial Institution Representative).
    The President announced his intention to designate Michael W. Smith 
as Vice Chair of the President's Council on Service and Civic 
Participation.

June 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Johann Strauss Ballroom of the Hofburg Palace, the President and 
Mrs. Bush greeted U.S. Embassy personnel. Then, in the Hunting Room, he 
met with President Heinz Fischer of Austria.
    Later in the morning, in the Mittlere Lounge of the Hofburg Palace, 
the President met with Chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel of Austria. He then 
met with European Union leaders. Later, in the Grosser Redoutensaal Room 
at the Hofburg Palace, the President participated in the U.S.-European 
Union summit.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with European 
Union leaders. Later, he and Mrs. Bush toured the Austrian National 
Library, where they watched a performance by the Vienna Boys Choir.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Budapest, 
Hungary.

June 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he greeted U.S. Embassy personnel. Then, at the Sandor Palace, he and 
Mrs. Bush participated in an arrival ceremony.
    Later in the morning, in the conference hall of the Parliament 
Building, the President had separate meetings with Speaker of Parliament 
Katalin Szili and Hungarian political party leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
wreath-laying ceremony at the 1956 Memorial Monument.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Mysliwy to 
be First Vice President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J. Joseph 
Grandmaison to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-
Import Bank of the United States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas E. Harvey 
to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Congressional Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger L. Hunt, 
John E. Kidde, and John Peyton to be members of the Board of Trustees of 
the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation.

June 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with experts on Russia.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Gen. George W. Casey, Jr., 
USA, commanding general, Multi-National Force--Iraq.
    The President announced his appointment of John Emling as Special 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced his appointment of Julie Goon as Special 
Assistant to the President for Economic Policy.
    The President announced his appointment of Hunter Moorhead as 
Special Assistant to the President for Agriculture, Trade, and Food 
Assistance.
    The President announced his appointment of John M. Smith as 
Associate Counsel to the President.

[[Page 1218]]