Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 49 (Monday, December 11, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 49 (Monday, December 11, 2006)]
[Pages 2143-2144]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 3

    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a reception for Kennedy Center honorees.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the John F. 
Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts where they attended the Kennedy 
Center Honors ceremony. Later, they returned to the White House.

December 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
an interview with Brit Hume of FOX News.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom at the White House on December 
7.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the inauguration of 
Joseph Kabila as President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on 
December 6: Elaine L. Chao (head of delegation); Roger Meece; Thelma J. 
Askey; Jendayi E. Frazier; Edward Brehm; Michael E. Hess; and John Fenn.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gregory B. Cade to 
be Administrator of the U.S. Fire Administration at the Department of 
Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sam Fox to be 
Ambassador to Belgium.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stanley Davis 
``Dave'' Phillips to be Ambassador to Estonia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jill E. Sommers to 
be Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Maria Cino as a 
member of the National Surface Transportation Policy and Revenue Study 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Robert M. Couch 
as Acting General Counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development.

[[Page 2144]]

December 5

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of 
Defense-designate Robert M. Gates. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with James A. Baker III, 
cochair, Iraq Study Group.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a dinner for 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations and his wife, Nane 
Maria Annan.

December 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Burns 
to be Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Nuclear and Chemical and 
Biological Defense Programs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rosemary E. 
Rodriguez to be a member of the Election Assistance Commission.

December 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United 
Kingdom.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Thomas Yayi Boni of Benin to the White House on December 14.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to attend the 60th anniversary 
of King Bhumibol Adulyadej's accession to the throne, to be held in 
Bangkok, Thailand, December 11: George H.W. Bush (head of delegation); 
Barbara Bush; and Ralph Boyce.

December 8

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey and President Joseph 
Kabila of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Yellow Oval Room, the President and 
Mrs. Bush participated in an interview with People magazine. Then, in 
the Oval Office, he had a meeting with Democrat Members of the House of 
Representatives.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a holiday reception.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides on October 
8-13.