Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 28 (Monday, July 17, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 28 (Monday, July 17, 2006)]
[Pages 1336-1337]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Nominations Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


Submitted July 12

Philip S. Goldberg,

of Massachusetts, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class 
of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Republic of Bolivia.

Henry M. Paulson, Jr.,

of New York, to be U.S. Governor of the International Monetary Fund for 
a term of 5 years; U.S. Governor of the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development for a term of 5 years; U.S. Governor of 
the Inter-American Development Bank for a term of 5 years; U.S. Governor 
of the African Development Bank for a term of 5 years; U.S. Governor of 
the Asian Development Bank; U.S. Governor of the African Development 
Fund; U.S. Governor of the European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, vice John W. Snow, resigned.

John C. Rood,

of Arizona, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (International 
Security and Non-Proliferation), vice Stephen Geoffrey Rademaker, 
resigned.
Submitted July 13

Cindy Lou Courville,

of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the 
African Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary.

Nora Barry Fischer,

of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of 
Pennsylvania, vice Robert J. Cindrich, resigned.

Richard W. Graber,

of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Czech Republic.

Sara Elizabeth Lioi,

of Ohio, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Ohio, 
vice Lesley Brooks Wells, retired.

Christopher A. Padilla,

of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, 
vice Peter Lichtenbaum.

Calvin L. Scovel,

of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Department of Transportation, vice 
Kenneth M. Mead, resigned.

[[Page 1337]]