Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 49 (Monday, December 11, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 49 (Monday, December 11, 2006)]
[Pages 2144-2145]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted December 4

 Robert M. Gates,

 of Texas, to be Secretary of Defense, vice Donald Henry Rumsfeld, 
resigned.
 Submitted December 5

 Jeffrey Robert Brown,

 of Illinois, to be a member of the Social Security Advisory Board for a 
term expiring September 30, 2008, vice Bradley D. Belt, resigned, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Gregory B. Cade,

 of Virginia, to be Administrator of the U.S. Fire Administration, 
Department of Homeland Security, vice R. David Paulison, resigned.

 Sam Fox,

 of Missouri, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to Belgium.

 Frederick J. Kapala,

 of Illinois, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of 
Illinois, vice Philip G. Reinhard, retiring.

[[Page 2145]]

 Heidi M. Pasichow,

 of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia for the term of 15 years, vice Anna 
Blackburne-Rigsby, elevated.

 Stanley Davis Phillips,

 of North Carolina, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
of the United States of America to the Republic of Estonia.

 Jill E. Sommers,

 of Kansas, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission for the remainder of the term expiring April 13, 2009, vice 
Sharon Brown-Hruska, resigned.

 Michael W. Tankersley,

 of Texas, to be Inspector General, Export-Import Bank (new position).
 Submitted December 6

 Michael J. Burns,

 of New Mexico, to be Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Nuclear 
and Chemical and Biological Defense Programs, vice Dale Klein, resigned.

 Beryl A. Howell,

 of the District of Columbia, to be a member of the U.S. Sentencing 
Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2011 (reappointment).

 Rosemary E. Rodriguez,

 of Colorado, to be a member of the Election Assistance Commission for 
the remainder of the term expiring December 12, 2007, vice Raymundo 
Martinez III, resigned.

 John R. Steer,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the U.S. Sentencing Commission for a 
term expiring October 31, 2011 (reappointment).
 Withdrawn December 6

 Tracy A. Henke,

 of Missouri, to be Executive Director of the Office of State and Local 
Government Coordination and Preparedness, Department of Homeland 
Security, vice C. Suzanne Mencer, resigned, which was sent to the Senate 
on September 5, 2006.

 David H. Laufman,

 of Texas, to be Inspector General, Department of Defense, vice Joseph 
E. Schmitz, resigned, which was sent to the Senate on June 5, 2006.
 Submitted December 7

 Thomas Alvin Farr,

 of North Carolina, to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District 
of North Carolina, vice Malcolm J. Howard, retired.