Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 35 (Monday, September 4, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 35 (Monday, September 4, 2006)]
[Pages 1549-1551]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1550]]



August 26

    In the morning, at the Bush family home in Kennebunkport, ME, the 
President had an intelligence briefing.

August 27

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

August 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a briefing on Hurricane Ernesto. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to 
Biloxi, MS. While en route aboard Air Force One, they participated in an 
interview with April Ryan of American Urban Radio Network. Upon arrival 
at Kessler Air Force Base in Biloxi, he met with U.S. military 
personnel.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in a 
walking tour of a neighborhood damaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Gulfport, 
MS, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Ken 
Wetzel. Later, they traveled to New Orleans, LA, where they had dinner 
with State and local officials.

August 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at Betsy's Pancake House, he had breakfast with Mayor C. Ray Nagin of 
New Orleans. Then, at the Windsor Court Hotel, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an interview with Garland Robinette of WWL Radio of New 
Orleans.
    Later in the morning, at the St. Louis Cathedral, the President and 
Mrs. Bush attended a service commemorating the first anniversary of 
Hurricane Katrina.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush toured the Musicians' 
Village housing development and hosted a lunch for Habitat for Humanity 
volunteers. He also presented a National Medal of the Arts to 
entertainer Antoine ``Fats'' Domino as a replacement for the original 
medal which was lost during Hurricane Katrina.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush participated in 
an interview with Brian Williams of NBC News. Later, at the Louis 
Armstrong New Orleans International Airport, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a photo opportunity with the New Orleans Saints 
professional football team. He then traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert T. Howard 
to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Information and 
Technology).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Collister Johnson, 
Jr., to be Administrator of the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sara Martinez 
Tucker to be Under Secretary of Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter E. 
Cianchette to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Naomi Churchill 
Earp as Chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate James R. Kunder 
as Acting Deputy Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development.

August 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Little Rock, AR, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Joy Cameron.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
luncheon for gubernatorial candidate Asa Hutchinson. Later, he traveled 
to Nashville, TN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Patricia Gray.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Salt Lake City, UT, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sam Delis.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Amir Sabah 
al-Ahmad al-Jabir al-Sabah of Kuwait to the White House on September 5.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Terrence W. Boyle 
and William

[[Page 1551]]

James Haynes II to be U.S. Circuit judges for the Fourth Circuit.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Gerry 
Myers III and Norman Randy Smith to be U.S. Circuit judges for the Ninth 
Circuit.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Brunson 
Wallace to be a U.S. Circuit judge for the Fifth Circuit.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Mexico and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on July 26 and continuing.

August 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with leaders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints 
(LDS) at their Administration Building.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Paul DeCamp 
as Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division at the Department of 
Labor.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Michael F. 
Duffy as a member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to recess appoint Daniel Meron 
as General Counsel of the Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to designate Michael J. 
Sullivan as Acting Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, 
and Explosives.

September 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced that he has named Marc Thiessen as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Speechwriting.
    The President announced that he has named Martha Miller as Special 
Assistant to the President for Presidential Personnel.
    The President announced that he has named David Trulio as Special 
Assistant to the President and Executive Secretary of the Homeland 
Security Council.
    The President announced that he has named Dennis C. Wilder as 
Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for East Asian 
Affairs of the National Security Council.