Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 6 (Monday, February 13, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 6 (Monday, February 13, 2006)]
[Pages 225-226]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 4

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
attend the funeral of Coretta Scott King on February 7.

February 5

    In the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to Washington, 
DC.

February 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. Later, he had a telephone 
conversation with Daniel M. Rooney, chairman of the Pittsburgh Steelers 
football team, to congratulate him on the team's Super Bowl victory on 
February 5. He then had a telephone conversation with Amir Sabah al-
Ahmad al-Jabir al-Sabah of Kuwait to offer his condolences on the death 
of his brother, Amir Jabir al-Ahmad al-Jabir al-Sabah, to wish him well 
as he takes the position, and to invite him to the White House at his 
convenience.
    In the afternoon, in the Family Dining Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush had lunch with former President Jose Maria Aznar of Spain and his 
wife, Ana Botella.
    In the evening, in the East Room, the President and Mrs. Bush 
attended a performance honoring the Dance Theatre of Harlem.

[[Page 226]]

February 7

    In the morning, the President had a working breakfast with Attorney 
General Alberto R. Gonzales. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. He 
and Mrs. Bush then traveled to Lithonia, GA. While en route aboard Air 
Force One, he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Anders 
Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark to discuss the recent violence against Danish 
and other diplomatic facilities and the importance of religious 
tolerance and freedom of the press.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President had a working dinner with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan and Members of Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia P. 
Brister to be the U.S. Representative on the Commission on the Status of 
Women of the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the 
rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sander R. Gerber as 
a member of the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson International 
Center of Scholars (Public).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Tamala Lynne 
Longaberger as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Woodrow Wilson 
International Center of Scholars (Government Representative).
    The President announced his intention to designate Peter Jon Thomas 
as Acting Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Administration.
    The President announced his intention to designate David E. 
Jeremiah, Arthur B. Culvahouse, and Donald L. Evans as members of the 
Intelligent Oversight Board.

February 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Manchester, NH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Vernette Reimel.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he 
dropped by a meeting of CEOs from the Business Roundtable. Then, in the 
Cabinet Room, he had a meeting with Republican congressional leaders to 
discuss legislative priorities.

February 9

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany to discuss foreign policy issues and 
the situation in the Middle East. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with President Lech Kaczynski of Poland. Later, he participated in 
a meeting and photo opportunity with members of the Major Cities Chiefs 
Association and the Major County Sherrif's Association.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of El Salvador to the White House on 
February 24.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Andrew B. 
Steinberg to be Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Aviation and 
International Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Julianna M. Cellini 
as a member of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Trung Dung and 
Richard J. Wall as members of the Board of Directors of the Vietnam 
Education Foundation.

February 10

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. Then, in the 
Oval Office, he met with Rebecca Garang, Minister of Transportation, 
Roads, and Bridges of the Government of Southern Sudan.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Cambridge, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.