Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 19 (Monday, May 15, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 19 (Monday, May 15, 2006)]
[Pages 918-919]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Stillwater, OK, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer William O'Connor. While en route aboard Air 
Force One, he had separate telephone conversations with President 
Olusegun Obasango of Nigeria and President Dennis Sassou-Nguesso of the 
Republic of the Congo to discuss the peace process in Darfur, Sudan. 
Later, at Oklahoma State University, he met with family members of a 
soldier killed in Iraq.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the afternoon.

May 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fort Lauderdale, FL, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer David 
Tompkins. Later, at a private residence, he made remarks at a Friends of 
Clay Shaw reception.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister John Howard of Australia to the White House on May 16.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Troy R. Justesen 
to be Assistant Secretary for Vocational and Adult Education.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric Solomon to be 
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Tax Policy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Stuart 
Symington IV to be Ambassador to Djibouti.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ellen C. Williams 
to be a Governor of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on Disability: John R. 
Vaughn; Victoria Ray Carlson; Chad Colley; and Lisa Mattheiss.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Sean M. Healey as a 
member of the President's Export Council.
    The President announced the designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Port-au-Prince, Haiti, to 
attend the Inauguration of President Rene Garcia Preval of Haiti on May 
14: Jeb Bush (head of delegation); Janet Ann Sanderson; and M. Rony 
Francois.

May 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Coconut Creek, FL.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Tampa, FL, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Julie Whitney. He 
then traveled to Sun City Center, FL.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Orlando, FL, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Dick Stipe.

May 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at Norman's Restaurant, he participated in an interview with 
representatives of Florida's print media.

[[Page 919]]

    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC, 
arriving in the afternoon.

May 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Yellow Oval Room, he met with Chinese human rights activists Li 
Baiguang, Wang Yi, and Yu Jie.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Biloxi, MS, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Deeneaus Polk.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with family members of 
soldiers killed in the war on terror. Later, he returned to Washington, 
DC, arriving in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gayleatha Beatrice 
Brown to be Ambassador to Benin.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Peter R. Coneway 
to be Ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christina B. Rocca 
for the rank of Ambassador during her tenure of service as U.S. 
Representative to the Conference on Disarmament.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William H. Tobey 
to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation in the 
National Nuclear Security Administration at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Arthur E. Johnson 
and Walter B. McCormick, Jr., as members of the President's National 
Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission on Presidential Scholars: 
Robert A. Gleason, Jr.; Richard R. Kilgust; J. Bryan Pickens; Linda O. 
Shaw; and Harvey W. Schiller.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Commission for the Preservation of 
America's Heritage Abroad: Linda Leuchter Addison; Ronald H. Bloom; 
David A. Burke; Mordechai E. Gobioff; Andrew M. Klein; Elizabeth May 
Stern; Robert Zarnegin; Martin Berson Gold; and Harley Lippman.

May 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.