Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 50 (Monday, December 18, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 50 (Monday, December 18, 2006)]
[Pages 2169-2170]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 10

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the National 
Building Museum where they participated in the taping of the annual 
``Christmas in Washington'' concert for later television broadcast.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the White 
House.

December 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
an interview with Stephen F. Hayes of the Weekly Standard. Later, also 
in the Oval Office, he met with outside experts on Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Patricia Hanahan 
Engman, Robert E. Peterson, and Peter W. Tredick as members of the 
Presidential Emergency Board No. 240, and, upon appointment, to 
designate Peter W. Tredick as Chair.

December 12

    In the morning, in his private dining room, the President had 
breakfast with Secretary of Defense-designate Robert M. Gates. Later, he 
had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Roosevelt Room, the President 
participated in a video conference call with U.S. military commanders 
and Ambassador to Iraq Zalmay Khalilzad.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted two holiday receptions.
    The President declared a major disaster in Washington and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides on November 
2-11.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on November 16-17.

December 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with President Jalal Talabani of 
Iraq and Masoud Barzani, president of the Kurdistan region of Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Arlington, VA. Later, at 
the Pentagon, he and Vice President Dick Cheney met with U.S. military 
personnel. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a holiday reception.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Jose

[[Page 2170]]

Manuel Barroso of the European Commission to the White House on January 
8, 2007.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Dabney Langhorne 
Friedrich and Beryl A. Howell as members of the U.S. Sentencing 
Commission.
    The President announced the recess appointment of John R. Steer as a 
member of the U.S. Sentencing Commission and designated him Vice Chair.

December 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a holiday reception.

December 15

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Abdullah bin Ahmad Badawi of Malaysia. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Arlington, VA. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    Later in afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush went to the State 
Department where they participated in a holiday reception for members of 
the diplomatic corps. Later, they returned to the White House.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a holiday reception.