Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 32 (Monday, August 14, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 32 (Monday, August 14, 2006)]
[Pages 1452-1453]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 5

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President met with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice and National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley to 
discuss the situation in the Middle East.

August 6

    In the morning, the President and National Security Adviser Stephen 
J. Hadley participated in a video teleconference with Prime Minister 
Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.

August 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 1453]]

August 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by briefings by National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley and Homeland 
Security Adviser Frances Fragos Townsend.

August 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon,the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and National Security Adviser 
Stephen J. Hadley.
    The President announced that he has named Deb Fiddelke as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Neal Burnham as Special 
Assistant to the President for White House Management.
    The President announced that he has named Darren Hipp as Special 
Assistant to the President and Director of Presidential Correspondence.
    The President announced that he has named Gregory Jacob as Special 
Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.
    The President announced that he has named Brent J. McIntosh as 
Associate Counsel to the President.

August 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on the arrests of suspected terrorists in Birmingham and 
London, England. Later, he traveled to Green Bay, WI, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Karl Durant. He then 
participated in a tour of Fox Valley Metal-Tech, Inc.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Oneida, WI, where, at a 
private residence, he attended a reception for congressional candidate 
John G. Gard. Later, at Oneida Police Department, he met family members 
of military personnel killed in Iraq. He then returned to the Bush Ranch 
in Crawford, TX.

August 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at Broken Spoke Ranch, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee reception. He then returned to the Bush 
Ranch.
    Also in the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel to discuss the United Nations 
draft resolution to end fighting in Lebanon.