Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 28 (Monday, July 17, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 28 (Monday, July 17, 2006)]
[Pages 1334-1336]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, in the State Dining Room and the East Room, the 
President and Mrs. Bush hosted a social dinner and entertainment in 
honor of the Special Olympics.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Abuja, Nigeria, to attend the 
Leon H. Sullivan Summit on July 19: Alphonso Jackson (head of 
delegation); John Campbell; John A. Simon; Herbert H. Lusk II; and Anita 
Smith.

[[Page 1335]]

    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, to 
attend the 800th anniversary of the Great Mongolian State from July 12-
13: Mike Johanns (head of delegation); and Robert M. Peck.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Turkey to attend the opening 
of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan Pipeline on July 13: Jeffrey Clay Sell (head 
of delegation); and Ross Wilson.

July 11

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Republican 
congressional leaders. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. Then, in 
the Oval Office, he and Mrs. Bush met with President Alejandro Toledo of 
Peru and his wife, Eliane Karp de Toledo.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President participated 
in a telephone conversation with crew members of the Space Shuttle 
Discovery. He then participated in a photo opportunity with members of 
the National Council on the Arts.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Port Washington, WI. 
Later, he traveled to Milwaukee, WI.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cindy Lou 
Courville to be U.S. Representative to the African Union with the rank 
of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Philip S. Goldberg 
to be Ambassador to Bolivia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Henry M. Paulson, 
Jr., to be U.S. Governor of the following organizations: the 
International Monetary Fund; the International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development; the Inter-American Development Bank; the African 
Development Fund; the Asian Development Fund; and the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John C. Rood to be 
Assistant Secretary of State for International Security and Non-
Proliferation.
    The President announced his appointment of Peter W. Tredick as a 
member of the Presidential Emergency Board No. 239.
    The President announced his intention to designate C.W. Bill Young 
as the President's Personal Representative at the Farnborough 
International Aerospace and Defense Exhibition and Air Show from July 
17-23.
    The President announced his appointment of Kevin Sullivan as 
Assistant to the President for Communications.

July 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Heiligendamm, Germany, arriving in the 
evening.

July 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Stralsund, Germany. Later, in the Kollegien 
Room at the Town Hall, they participated in a guestbook signing ceremony 
and a greeting with local community representatives.
    In the afternoon, in the Achtmannskammer Room of the Town Hall, the 
President had a working lunch with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. 
Later, he and Mrs. Bush toured St. Nikolai Church.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Trinwillershagen, Germany, where, at the Zu den Linden restaurant, they 
attended a social dinner and entertainment hosted by Chancellor Merkel. 
They then returned to Heiligendamm, Germany.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq at the White House on July 25.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard W. Graber 
to be Ambassador to the Czech Republic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Christopher A. 
Padilla to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce (Export Administration).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Calvin L. Scovel 
to be Inspector General at the Department of Transportation.

[[Page 1336]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from June 23 to 
July 6.

July 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to St. Petersburg, Russia. While en route 
aboard Air Force One, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with King Abdallah II of Jordan, President Mohammed Hosni Mubarak of 
Egypt, and Prime Minister Fuad Siniora of Lebanon to discuss the 
situation in the Middle East. Upon arrival, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a wreath-laying ceremony at the Monument to the Heroic 
Defenders of Leningrad.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Strelna, 
Russia.
    In the evening, in the Italian Guest Room at Konstantinovosky 
Palace, the President and Mrs. Bush attended a social dinner hosted by 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia and his wife, Lyudmila.