Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 22 (Monday, June 5, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 22 (Monday, June 5, 2006)]
[Pages 1070-1071]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 27

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, he traveled to Newburgh, NY, where, upon arrival, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Heather DiSilvio. He then traveled 
to West Point, NY.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Camp David, MD.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia to express his 
condolences for the loss of life following the earthquake in Java.

May 28

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

May 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in separate signing ceremonies for 
H.R. 1499, the Heroes Earned Retirement Opportunities Act, and H.R. 
5037, the Respect for America's Fallen Heroes Act.
    In the evening, the President had a private dinner with King 
Abdullah II of Jordan.

May 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a meeting with public policy experts on Iraq.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Vladimir Putin of Russia, President Jacques 
Chirac of France, and Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany to discuss the 
situation in Iran.
    In the evening, in the Family Theater, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a screening of the film ``United 93.''
    The President announced his intention to nominate Henry M. Paulson, 
Jr., to be Secretary of the Treasury.

May 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with President Hamid Karzai of 
Afghanistan, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan, and Prime 
Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to CIA Headquarters in 
Langley, VA. Later, he returned to Washington, DC. He then traveled to 
Baltimore, MD.
    During the day, the President participated in a swearing-in ceremony 
for Mark J. Sullivan as Director of the U.S. Secret Service.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his appointment of Raul F. Yanes as 
Assistant to the President and Staff Secretary.

June 1

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hu Jintao of China to discuss the situation in Iran. Later, he 
had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Denis Sassou-Nguesso of the Republic of the Congo to the White House on 
June 5.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David H. Laufman 
to be Inspector General of the Department of Defense.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles D. 
Nottingham to be a member of the Surface Transportation Board and, upon 
confirmation, to designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles Darwin 
Snelling to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan 
Washington Airports Authority.
    The President announced his intention to appoint George Nesterczuk 
as a member of the Federal Salary Council for Labor Relations and Pay 
Policy and, upon appointment, to designate him as Vice Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dallas Rob Sweezy 
as a member of the President's Committee for People With Intellectual 
Disabilities and, upon appointment, to designate him as Chair.

[[Page 1071]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint R. Todd Gardenhire 
as a member of the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation (Employer Representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nelson W. Wolff as 
a member of the Advisory Committee to the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation (Public Representative).

June 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister John Howard of 
Australia to discuss the situations in Iran and East Timor. Then, in the 
Oval Office, he met with Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong of Singapore.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a photo 
opportunity with members of the American Society of the Italian Legions 
of Merit.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Michelle Bachelet of Chile to the White House on June 8.