Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 29 (Monday, July 24, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 29 (Monday, July 24, 2006)]
[Pages 1361-1362]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Congress on Continuation of the National Emergency 
Blocking Property of Certain Persons and Prohibiting the Importation of 
Certain Goods From Liberia

July 18, 2006

To the Congress of the United States:

    Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) 
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, 
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President 
publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice 
stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the 
anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent the 
enclosed notice to the Federal Register for publication, stating that 
the national emergency and related measures blocking the property of 
certain persons and prohibiting the importation of certain goods from 
Liberia are to continue in effect beyond July 22, 2006. The most recent 
notice continuing this emergency was published in the Federal Register 
on July 21, 2005 (70 FR 41935).
    The actions and policies of former Liberian President Charles Taylor 
and his close associates, in particular their unlawful depletion of 
Liberian resources and their removal from Liberia and secreting of 
Liberian funds and property, continue to undermine Liberia's transition 
to democracy and the orderly development of its political, 
administrative, and economic institutions and resources. These actions 
and policies pose a continuing unusual and extraordinary threat to the 
foreign policy of the United States. For these reasons, I have 
determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency and 
related measures blocking the property of certain persons and 
prohibiting the importation of certain goods from Liberia.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 July 18, 2006.

[[Page 1362]]