Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 8 (Monday, February 27, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 8 (Monday, February 27, 2006)]
[Pages 343-345]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 344]]



February 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 20

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of the Philippines to offer 
condolences for the loss of life during massive mudslides in St. Bernard 
and to pledge continued U.S. disaster relief assistance. Later, he had a 
telephone conversation with President Vicente Fox of Mexico to discuss 
border security, immigration reform, and other issues. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Milwaukee, WI, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Beverly 
Christy-Wright. He then toured the Johnson Controls Battery Technology 
Center.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Selfridge Air National 
Guard Base in Macomb County, MI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Brian Willingham. He then traveled to Auburn 
Hills, MI, where, at United Solar Ovonic, he participated in a briefing 
on alternative energy sources. Later, he traveled to Buckley Air Force 
Base in Aurora, CO, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Delmar ``Pete'' Beverly before traveling to Englewood, CO.

February 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Golden, CO, where he participated in a tour of the 
National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the closing ceremonies 
of the 2006 Olympic Games in Turin, Italy: Rudolph W. Giuliani (head of 
delegation); Ronald P. Spogli; Mario Andretti; Lawrence E. Auriana; and 
A. Kenneth Ciongoli.

February 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.

    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo 
opportunity with crew members of the Space Shuttle Discovery and their 
families.

    In the evening, in the Family Theater, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a screening of ``Glory Road'' followed by a dinner.

    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy at the White House on February 28.

February 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President-elect Rene Preval of 
Haiti to congratulate him on his election victory. He then traveled to 
Mishawaka, IN, where, at Bethel College Indiana, he met with a soldier 
wounded in Iraq.

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Cincinnati, OH.

    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Mike DeWine for U.S. Senate reception. He then returned to Washington, 
DC.

    The President announced his intention to nominate John G. Emling to 
be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Legislative and Intergovernmental 
Affairs.

    The President announced his intention to appoint William M. Murphy 
as a member of the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Gail A. Jaquish, 
A.J. Scribante, and Jackie Winters as members of the Board of Visitors 
to the U.S. Air Force Academy.

    The President announced his intention to appoint Antonio Falcon, 
Bruce D. San Filippo, and Cecilia Rosales as members of the U.S. Section 
of the United States-Mexico Border Health Commission.

[[Page 345]]

February 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting on Iraq. Later, he participated 
in interviews with television journalists from India and Pakistan.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with 
President Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of El Salvador.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Mikulas Dzurinda of Slovakia at the White House on March 13.
    The President declared an emergency in Maine and ordered Federal aid 
to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
record snow from December 25-27, 2005.