Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 20 (Monday, May 22, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 20 (Monday, May 22, 2006)]
[Pages 960-962]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 13

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

May 14

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the evening, at the residence of Australia's Ambassador to the 
U.S. Dennis Richardson, the President and Mrs. Bush had dinner with 
Prime Minister John Howard of Australia and his wife, Janette.

May 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting on Iraq. Later, in the Oval 
Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with recipients of the 
2006 MATHCOUNTS National Competition Award.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President received 
diplomatic credentials from newly appointed Ambassadors to the United 
States.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel to the White House on May 23.

May 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Speaker of the House of Representatives J. Dennis Hastert and 
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist.
    In the evening, in the State Dining Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush hosted a state dinner for Prime Minister John Howard of Australia 
and his wife, Janette, followed by entertainment in the East Room.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Ray Correll 
to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and 
Enforcement at the Department of the Interior.

[[Page 961]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate John H. Hill to be 
Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. Hunter Biden 
and Donna R. McLean to be members of the Amtrak Reform Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Norman Y. Mineta as 
a member of the Amtrak Reform Board.

May 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in a photo opportunity with the Texas A&M Singing 
Cadets.
    The President declared a major disaster in Washington and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, tidal surge, landslides, and 
mudslides from January 27 to February 4.

May 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Yuma, AZ, where, upon arrival, he toured the Yuma Sector 
of the U.S.-Mexico border.
    In the afternoon, at the Yuma Sector Border Patrol Headquarters, the 
President participated in a briefing on border security. Later, the 
President participated in brief interviews with television networks.
    Later in the afternoon, at the Yuma Marine Corps Air Station, the 
President greeted U.S. military personnel. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC, arriving in the evening.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kathleen L. Casey 
to be a Commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald L. Kohn to 
be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Carl E. Schneider 
as a member of the President's Council on Bioethics.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Alan Austerman as a 
U.S. Commissioner on the U.S. Section of the North Pacific Anadromous 
Fish Commission (Alaska State Representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Gary Thomas Smith 
as a U.S. Commissioner on the U.S. Section of the North Pacific 
Anadromous Fish Commission (Washington State Representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joseph Albert 
Cirillo, Elizabeth Ann Stewart, and John Charles Wyvill as members of 
the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Access Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Committee on the Arts at the John 
F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Brittain Bardes Cudlip; Jody 
Dow; Fred Wiehl Lazenby; Robert D. Leebern, Jr.; Carole J. McNeil; 
Robert Frank Pence; Larry Ruvo; Mark S. Siegel; Stephanie Spencer 
Tellefsen; David Carl Weinstein; Nancy R. Williams; and Ilene Zatkin-
Butler.
    The President announced his intention to designate LaSalle Doheny 
Leffall, Jr., as Chairman of the President's Cancer Panel.

May 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Saud al-Faysal bin Abd al-Aziz 
Al Saud of Saudi Arabia. He then traveled to Virginia Beach, VA.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Thelma Drake for Congress reception. Later, he traveled to Highland 
Heights, KY, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer David Trinh. He then traveled to Florence, KY.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Malik M. Hasan as a 
member of the Advisory Committee on the Arts at the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced his intention to designate Steven D. Aitken 
as Acting Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory 
Affairs at the Office of Management and Budget.

[[Page 962]]