Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 18 (Monday, May 8, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 18 (Monday, May 8, 2006)]
[Pages 858-859]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Washington Hilton Hotel, the President and 
Mrs. Bush attended the White House Correspondents' Association dinner.

May 1

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia. Later, he had intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Umar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir of Sudan to discuss peace efforts 
in Sudan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sheila C. Bair to 
be Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John M.R. Kneuer 
to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and 
Information.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dawn M. Liberi to 
be Ambassador to Mauritania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William B. Taylor, 
Jr., to be Ambassador to Ukraine.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael Wood to be 
Ambassador to Sweden.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are 
Blind or Severely Disabled: Perry E. Anthony; Robert J. Henke; Andrew D. 
Houghton; and James House.

May 2

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with Republican congressional 
leaders to discuss legislative priorities.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to San Jose, Costa Rica, to 
attend the Inauguration of President Oscar Arias Sanchez of Cost Rica on 
May 8: Laura Bush (head of delegation); and Mark Langdale.
    The President declared an emergency in Connecticut and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by record snowfall from February 11-12.

[[Page 859]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Hawaii and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the areas 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides from 
February 20 to April 2.

May 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, on the South Portico, the President participated 
in a photo opportunity with recipients of the 2005 Presidential Award 
for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching.
    In the evening, at the Residence, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted 
a dinner for Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to Vienna, 
Austria, to participate in the U.S.-European Union summit on June 21.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark Myers to be 
Director of the U.S. Geological Survey at the Department of the 
Interior.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Museum and Library Services 
Board: Katherine M.B. Berger; Karen Brosius; Ioannis N. Miaoulis; Sandra 
Pickett; Christina Orr-Cahall; and Kevin Owen Starr.
    The President announced his intention to designate James Manning as 
Acting Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education at the Department 
of Education.

May 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Abdullah bin Ahmad 
Badawi of Malaysia.
    In the afternoon, in the Diplomatic Reception Room, the President 
participated in an interview with ARD German Television. Later, he 
dropped by a meeting between Secretary of the Security Council of Russia 
Igor Sergeyevich Ivanov and National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley.

May 5

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. Later, he had an intelligence briefing followed by a 
National Security Council meeting on Iraq.
    Later in the morning, in the Library, the President participated in 
an interview with Larry Kudlow of CNBC.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
an interview with Bild of Germany. Later, he met with Quartet Special 
Envoy for Gaza Disengagement James D. Wolfensohn to thank him for his 
service.
    In the evening, at the Marine Barracks, the President and Mrs. Bush 
met with marines wounded in the war on terror. Later, they participated 
in the evening parade.