Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 46 (Monday, November 20, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 46 (Monday, November 20, 2006)]
[Pages 2068-2069]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 10

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia. He then had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Quantico, VA. Later, he 
met with Dan and Deb Dunham, whose son, Corp. Jason Dunham, USMC, was 
killed in Iraq and posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. He then 
returned to Washington, DC.

November 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Arlington, VA, where they participated in a 
Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns in 
Arlington National Cemetery.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    During the day, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a reception for 
members of the 555th Anti-aircraft Artillery Battalion who served during 
World War II.

November 13

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Pervez

[[Page 2069]]

Musharraf of Pakistan. He then had an intelligence briefing. Later, in 
the Roosevelt Room, he met with members of the Iraq Study Group.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with Prime 
Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel. Later, he hosted a reception for newly 
elected Members of Congress.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark Everett 
Keenum to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign 
Agricultural Services and to be a member of the Board of Directors of 
the Commodity Credit Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ellen C. Williams 
to be a Governor of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.

November 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Moscow, 
Russia, arriving the following day.

November 15

    In the morning, aboard Air Force One, the President had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, upon arrival at the Vnukovo II International 
Airport in Moscow, the President and Mrs. Bush met with President 
Vladimir Putin of Russia and his wife, Lyudmila.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Singapore, arriving the following day.

November 16

    In the morning, upon arrival in Singapore, the President and Mrs. 
Bush went to the Shangri-La Hotel. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush visited the the 
Asian Civilisations Museum. Then, at the Shangri-La Hotel, they greeted 
U.S. Embassy personnel and their families.
    In the afternoon, the President went to the Istana where he met with 
Acting President J.Y. Pillay of Singapore. Later, he and Mrs. Bush 
returned to the Shangri-La Hotel.
    In the evening, at the Istana, the President and Mrs. Bush had 
dinner with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and his wife, Ho Ching. 
Later, they returned to the Shangri-La Hotel.

November 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He and 
Mrs. Bush then traveled to Hanoi, Vietnam, where, upon arrival, they 
went to the Sheraton Hanoi.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Prime Minister John 
Howard of Australia. Later, at the Presidential Palace, he and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an arrival ceremony and official photograph with 
President Nguyen Minh Triet of Vietnam and his wife, Mrs. Chi.
    Later in the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush paid a courtesy 
call on President Triet and Mrs. Chi. The President then had separate 
meetings with President Triet and Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung of 
Vietnam. Then, at the Communist Party Headquarters, he met with General 
Secretary Nong Duc Manh of the Communist Party of Vietnam.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to the Sheraton 
Hanoi.
    In the evening, at the International Convention Center, the 
President and Mrs. Bush participated in a state banquet. They then 
returned to the Sheraton Hanoi.