Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 52 (Monday, January 1, 2007)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 52 (Monday, January 1, 2007)]
[Pages 2222-2223]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
 Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 23

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    During the day, the President met with Secretary of Defense Robert 
M. Gates and Gen. Peter Pace, USMC, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, to 
discuss Iraq policy.

December 24

    During the day, the President had several Christmas Eve telephone 
conversations with members of the U.S. military.

December 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni of 
Uganda.
     Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to the 
Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, arriving in the afternoon.
    In the evening, the President had a telephone conversation with 
former First Lady Betty Ford.

December 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced that he has named Maggie Grant as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director of Intergovernmental Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Paul R. Eckert as 
Associate Counsel to the President.

December 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Chancellor 
Angela Merkel of Germany to the White House on January 4, 2007.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oregon and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides on November 
5-8.
    The President declared an emergency in Illinois and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
record snow on November 30 through December 1.

[[Page 2223]]

    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe winter storms on November 30 through December 2.