Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 31 (Monday, August 7, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 31 (Monday, August 7, 2006)]
[Pages 1435-1438]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

July 30

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Miami, FL. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with 
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to discuss her ongoing visit to the 
Middle East. Upon arrival in Miami, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Dorcas Piegari.

[[Page 1436]]

    During the day, the President had several separate telephone 
conversations with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, Prime Minister 
Tony Blair of the United Kingdom, and National Security Adviser Stephen 
J. Hadley to discuss the situation in the Middle East.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Miami Beach, FL, where he 
attended a dinner with community leaders. He then returned to Miami.

July 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Versailles Restaurant and Bakery, he participated in an interview 
with Radio Mambi. He then visited the National Hurricane Center.
    Later in the morning, at the U.S. Coast Guard Integrated Support 
Command, the President participated in an interview with Michael Putney 
of WPLG-TV Miami.
    In the afternoon, at the U.S. Coast Guard Integrated Support 
Command, the President participated in separate interviews with Pedro 
Sevcec of Telemundo and Neil Cavuto of FOX News. Later, he traveled to 
Coral Gables, FL, where, at a private residence, he attended a 
Republican National Committee luncheon. He then returned to Washington, 
DC.
    In the evening, the President met with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice to discuss her recent visit to the Middle East.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randolph James 
Clerihue to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Public Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan E. Dudley to 
be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs at 
the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael F. Duffy 
to be a member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, 
and, upon confirmation, to designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger Romulus 
Martella, Jr., to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency (General Counsel).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Arthur K. Reilly 
to be a member of the National Science Board (National Science 
Foundation).

    The President announced his appointment of Bryan Corbett as Special 
Assistant to the President for Economic Policy.

    The President announced his appointment of Kenneth Kiyul Lee as 
Associate Counsel to the President.

    The President announced his appointment of Andrea Becker Looney as 
Special Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.

    The President announced his appointment of Michael Magan as Special 
Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Relief, 
Stabilization, and Development of the National Security Council.

    The President announced his appointment of Scott Walter as Special 
Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.

August 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Bethesda, MD, where, at the National Naval Medical 
Center, he had his annual physical examination and visited wounded 
military personnel and presented Purple Hearts to seven of them.

    During the day, the President met with Republican Senators.

    The President announced his intention to nominate C. Stephen Allred 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Land and Mineral 
Management.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Carl Joseph Artman 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs and to 
appoint him as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American 
Folklife Center.

    The President announced his intention to nominate Alex A. Beehler to 
be Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Wilma B. Liebman 
to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board.

[[Page 1437]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Leland A. Strom to 
be a member of the Farm Credit Administration Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James H. Bilbray 
to be a Governor of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles R. 
Christopherson, Jr., to be a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Commodity Credit Corporation.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, straight line winds, and flooding on July 27 and 
continuing.

August 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. He then met with 
Republican Senators.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Secretary of the Treasury 
Henry M. Paulson, Jr. Later, he participated in a photo opportunity with 
Make-a-Wish Foundation children. He then traveled to Mentor, OH.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Kirtland Hills, 
OH, where, at a private residence, he attended an evening reception for 
Ohio gubernatorial candidate J. Kenneth Blackwell. He then returned to 
Washington, DC.

August 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to McAllen, TX. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation with 
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany to discuss the situation in the 
Middle East. Upon arrival in McAllen, he participated in a tour of 
Border Patrol and National Guard assets.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Mission, TX, where 
he viewed a demonstration of the Border Patrol-National Guard Skybox. 
Later, he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nelson M. Ford to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cynthia A. 
Glassman to be Undersecretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John K. Veroneau 
to be Deputy U.S. Trade Representative with the rank of Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gerald Walpin to 
be Inspector General of the Corporation for National and Community 
Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William H. Graves 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley 
Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be Commissioners of the Mississippi River Commission: 
Bruce Arlan Berwick; Robert Crear, and, upon confirmation, to designate 
him President; Samuel P. De Bow, Jr.; and Gregg F. Martin.
    The President announced his appointment of Jay Hein as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Director of the Office of Faith-Based and 
Community Initiatives.

August 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the funeral of former 
Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto of Japan on August 8: Norman Y. Mineta 
(head of delegation); and John Thomas Schieffer.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Inauguration of 
President Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia on August 7: Henry M. Paulson, 
Jr. (head of delegation); Carlos M. Gutierrez; and William B. Wood.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by snow melt and ice jam flooding from May 13-30.

[[Page 1438]]