Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 34 (Monday, August 28, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 34 (Monday, August 28, 2006)]
[Pages 1508-1509]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 19

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

August 20

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

August 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

August 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with the Homeland Security Council to discuss avian influenza.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Minnetonka, MN, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer David Jewison. 
Later, he traveled to Wayzata, MN, where he visited Glaciers Custard and 
Coffee Cafe. Then, at a private residence, he attended a reception for 
congressional candidate Michelle Bachmann.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles L. Glazer 
to be Ambassador to El Salvador.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dennis Prager as a 
member of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts: Edward William Easton; James A. Haslam 
II; Helen Lee Henderson; Nancy G. Kinder; Michael Frederic Neidorff; and 
Dean A. Spanos.

August 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. 
Then, in the Map Room, he participated in separate interviews with WWL-
TV, WVUE-TV, and WGNO-TV of New Orleans, LA, and WLOX-TV of Biloxi, MS.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to discuss U.S.-Pakistani 
relations and regional issues. He also had a telephone conversation with 
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan to discuss U.N. peacekeeping 
efforts in Lebanon and the situations in Iran and Darfur, Sudan.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Alexandria, VA, where, 
at a private residence, he attended a reception for senatorial candidate 
George Allen.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Kennebunk, ME, where, at Sea Road School, he met with 
family members of military personnel killed in Iraq, Afghanistan, and 
during the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with Prime Minister Romano Prodi of Italy and Chancellor 
Angela Merkel of Germany to discuss the situations in Lebanon and Iran.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush family home in 
Kennebunkport, ME.

August 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will host 
a White House Summit on Malaria in December.

[[Page 1509]]