Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 15 (Monday, April 17, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 15 (Monday, April 17, 2006)]
[Pages 716-717]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

April 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Fuad Siniora of Lebanon to the White House on April 18.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ilham Aliyev of Azerbaijan to the White House on April 28.

April 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Columbia, MO, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Doris Hickman. He then traveled to Jefferson 
City, MO, where he visited Lutheran Senior Services at Heisinger Bluffs 
retirement community during a Medicare prescription drug plan enrollment 
session for senior citizens.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Des Moines, IA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Anjana Chandran. 
He then visited Wesley Acres retirement community during a Medicare 
prescription drug plan enrollment session for senior citizens.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

April 12

    In the morning, the President met with Vice Premier Wu Yi of China 
to discuss the results of the recent Joint Commission on Commerce and 
Trade session. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. He then met with 
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    In the afternoon, in the Yellow Oval Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush hosted a social lunch for President John Agyekum Kufuor of Ghana 
and his wife, Theresa.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Annandale, VA. 
Later, he then returned to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a retirement 
dinner for former U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Sandra Day 
O'Connor and her husband, John.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Chancellor 
Angela Merkel of Germany to the White House on May 3.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arkansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on April 1-3.

April 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Alejandro Toledo of Peru 
to congratulate him on the signing of a U.S.-Peru trade agreement.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornadoes, and straight-line winds on March 12-
13.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and tornadoes on March 12.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anita K. Blair to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Manpower and Reserve 
Affairs.

[[Page 717]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Anne E. Derse to 
be Ambassador to Azerbaijan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert S. Ford to 
be Ambassador to Algeria.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark V. Rosenker 
to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Leslie V. Rowe to 
be Ambassador to Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, and Vanuatu.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Daniel S. Sullivan 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Craig J. Duchossois 
and Robert Pacheco as members of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Naval 
Academy.

April 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.