Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 27 (Monday, July 10, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 27 (Monday, July 10, 2006)]
[Pages 1297-1298]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


July 1

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in New York and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning June 26 and continuing.

July 2

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maryland and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and tornadoes beginning on June 22 
and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Ohio and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, tornadoes, straight line winds, and flooding during the 
period of June 21-23.

July 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. Then, in the Roosevelt 
Room, he participated in a signing ceremony for H.R. 5403, the Safe and 
Timely Interstate Placement of Foster Children Act of 2006.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Kirk Van Tine as a 
member of the Presidential Emergency Board No. 239 and, upon 
appointment, to designate him as Chair.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Roger P. Nober and 
Robert E. Peterson as members of the Presidential Emergency Board No. 
239.

July 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Fort Bragg, NC, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Benny Smith. He then toured U.S. Army Special 
Operations Command.
    Later, at the 3d Brigade, 82d Airborne Division Dining Facility, the 
President had lunch with military personnel and their families.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. While en 
route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an interview with Stars 
and Stripes newspaper.
    During the day, the President met with Secretary of Defense Donald 
H. Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to discuss the 
situation in North Korea.
    In the evening, in the Residence, the President attended a dinner 
party to celebrate the Fourth of July and his birthday.

July 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and met 
with the National Security Council. Later, he met with members of the 
Commission for Assistance to a Free Cuba, who presented him with their 
official report. He then traveled to Alexandria, VA.
    Later in the morning, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The President announced the appointment of Helgard C. Walker as a 
member of the District of Columbia Judicial Nomination Commission.
    The President declared a major disaster in Delaware and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 23 and 
continuing.

[[Page 1298]]

July 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Vladimir Putin of Russia. 
Then, in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with 
Alexa Ostolaza, the 2006 March of Dimes national ambassador.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with Prime 
Minister Stephen J. Harper of Canada. Later, he traveled to Chicago, IL, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Dave 
Kruger.
    During the day, in the Blue Room, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in an interview with Larry King of CNN.
    The White House announced that the President will host President 
Traian Basescu of Romania at the White House on July 27.

July 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had breakfast with local business leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Aurora, IL, where he 
toured Cabot Microelectronics Corp. Later, he returned to Washington, 
DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Jersey and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on June 23 and 
continuing.