Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 6 (Monday, February 13, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 6 (Monday, February 13, 2006)]
[Pages 226-228]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Nominations  Submitted to the Senate

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 227]]



The following list does not include promotions of members of the 
Uniformed Services, nominations to the Service Academies, or nominations 
of Foreign Service officers.

________________________________________________________________________


 Submitted February 6

 Armando J. Bucelo, Jr.,

 of Florida, to be a Director of the Securities Investor Protection 
Corporation for a term expiring December 31, 2008 (reappointment).

 Benedict S. Cohen,

 of the District of Columbia, to be General Counsel of the Department of 
the Army, vice Steven John Morello, Sr., resigned.

 Todd S. Farha,

 of Florida, to be a Director of the Securities Investor Protection 
Corporation for the remainder of the term expiring December 31, 2006, 
vice William Robert Timken, Jr., resigned.

 Todd S. Farha,

 of Florida, to be a Director of the Securities Investor Protection 
Corporation for a term expiring December 31, 2009 (reappointment).

 Robert M. McDowell,

 of Virginia, to be a member of the Federal Communications Commission 
for a term of 5 years from July 1, 2004, vice Kathleen Q. Abernathy, 
resigned.

 Mauricio J. Tamargo,

 of Florida, to be Chairman of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission 
of the United States for a term expiring September 30, 2009 
(reappointment).
 Submitted February 8

 Patricia P. Brister,

 of Louisiana, for the rank of Ambassador during her tenure of service 
as the Representative of the United States of America on the Commission 
on the Status of Women of the Economic and Social Council of the United 
Nations.

 Sandra Segal Ikuta,

 of California, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, vice 
James R. Browning, retired.

 Michael Brunson Wallace,

 of Mississippi, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, vice 
Charles W. Pickering, Sr., retired.
 Submitted February 10

 Gordon England,

 of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense, vice Paul D. Wolfowitz, 
resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last recess of 
the Senate.

 Stephen Goldsmith,

 of Indiana, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
for National and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2010 
(reappointment), to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 C. Boyden Gray,

 of the District of Columbia, to be Representative of the United States 
of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador 
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, vice Rockwell A. Schnabel, resigned, 
to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Floyd Hall,

 of New Jersey, to be a member of the Reform Board (Amtrak) for a term 
of 5 years (reappointment), to which position he was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Tracy A. Henke,

 of Missouri, to be Executive Director of the Office of State and Local 
Government Coordination and Preparedness, Department of Homeland 
Security, vice C. Suzanne Mencer, resigned, to which position she was 
appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Nadine Hogan,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring June 26, 2008 (reappointment), 
to which position she was appointed during the last recess of the 
Senate.

[[Page 228]]

 Peter N. Kirsanow,

 of Ohio, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for the 
term of 5 years expiring August 27, 2008, vice Ronald E. Meisburg, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Robert D. Lenhard,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the Federal Election Commission for a 
term expiring April 30, 2011, vice Danny Lee McDonald, term expired, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Ronald E. Meisburg,

 of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations 
Board for a term of 4 years, vice Arthur F. Rosenfeld, term expired, to 
which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Julie L. Myers,

 of Kansas, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, vice 
Michael J. Garcia, resigned, to which position she was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Benjamin A. Powell,

 of Florida, to be General Counsel of the Office of the Director of 
National Intelligence (new position), to which position he was appointed 
during the last recess of the Senate.

 Arthur F. Rosenfeld,

 of Virginia, to be Federal Mediation and Conciliation Director, vice 
Peter J. Hurtgen, resigned, to which position he was appointed during 
the last recess of the Senate.

 Ellen R. Sauerbrey,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Population, 
Refugees, and Migration), vice Arthur E. Dewey, resigned, to which 
position she was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Dorrance Smith,

 of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, vice Victoria 
Clarke, resigned, to which position he was appointed during the last 
recess of the Senate.

 Enrique J. Sosa,

 of Florida, to be a member of the Reform Board (Amtrak) for a term of 5 
years (reappointment), to which position he was appointed during the 
last recess of the Senate.

 Hans von Spakovsky,

 of Georgia, to be a member of the Federal Election Commission for a 
term expiring April 30, 2011, vice Bradley A. Smith, resigned, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Roger W. Wallace,

 of Texas, to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation for a term expiring October 6, 2008 (reappointment), 
to which position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Dennis P. Walsh,

 of Maryland, to be a member of the National Labor Relations Board for 
the term of 5 years expiring December 16, 2009 (reappointment), to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Steven T. Walther,

 of Nevada, to be a member of the Federal Election Commission for a term 
expiring April 30, 2009, vice Scott E. Thomas, term expired, to which 
position he was appointed during the last recess of the Senate.

 Andrew B. Steinberg,

 of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, vice Karan 
K. Bhatia.