Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 51 (Monday, December 25, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 51 (Monday, December 25, 2006)]
[Pages 2202-2203]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 18

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. Later, he had an intelligence briefing and met with 
the National Security Council. Then, in the Oval Office, he met with 
Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates.
    Later in the morning, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
Jewish higher education leaders.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Arlington, VA. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

December 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, the President signed H.R. 6143, the Ryan White HIV/
AIDS Treatment Modernization Act of 2006, and S. 3678, the Pandemic and 
All-Hazards Preparedness Act.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President participated 
in an interview with the Washington Post.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a photo opportunity 
with U.S. Ambassadors. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with White 
House Fellows.
    In the evening, on the State Floor, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a holiday reception.

December 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John V. Cogbill III 
as a member of the National Capital Planning Commission and, upon 
appointment, designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Stephen J. Cassidy 
as a member of the Medal of Valor Review Board (Firefighting).
    The President announced his intention to appoint M. Josephine Beach 
and Phillip M. Schofield as members of the Advisory Board on Radiation 
and Worker Health.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Warren Bell as a 
member of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Wayne Cartwright 
Beyer as a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced the recess appointment of Mark McKinnon as a 
member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors.

December 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

December 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
the President and

[[Page 2203]]

Mrs. Bush went to Walter Reed Army Medical Center where he presented 
Purple Heart medals to 14 soldiers. They then volunteered to wrap gifts 
for family members of wounded soldiers.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.