Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 37 (Monday, September 18, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 37 (Monday, September 18, 2006)]
[Pages 1620-1622]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 9

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

September 10

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to New York 
City, where, at the site of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, 
they participated in a wreath-laying ceremony commemorating the fifth 
anniversary of the attacks. Later, at St. Paul's Chapel, they 
participated in a service of prayer and remembrance.
    Also in the afternoon, the President toured the Tribute WTC Visitor 
Center commemorating the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.

September 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at Fort Pitt Firehouse, the President and Mrs. Bush had breakfast with 
New York City first-responders. Then, at 8:46 a.m., they participated in 
a moment of silence followed by a ceremony to commemorate the 
anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Shanksville, PA,

[[Page 1621]]

where, at the site of the crash of United Flight 93, they participated 
in a wreath-laying ceremony for victims of the September 11, 2001, plane 
crash.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Arlington, 
VA, where, at the Pentagon, they participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony to commemorate the anniversary of the September 11, 2001, 
terrorist attacks. They then returned to Washington, DC.

September 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings. He then met with 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in an interview 
with print journalists.
    During the day, the President dropped by a meeting between National 
Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley and Minister of the Interior and 
Regional Development Nicolas Sarkozy of France.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the White House on September 29.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to the White House on October 2.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Frank Baxter to be 
Ambassador to Uruguay.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joseph B. 
Gildenhorn and Susan Hutchison as members of the Board of Trustees of 
the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.

September 13

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President 
attended a Republican National Committee reception.
    During the day, the President dropped by a meeting between Vice 
President Dick Cheney and Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski of Poland 
and a meeting between National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley and 
Minister of Foreign Affairs Tzipi Livni of Israel.

September 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the U.S. Capitol, the President made remarks to the House Republican 
Conference.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with President 
Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea. Later, he met with the Smithsonian 
Institution Board of Regents.
    In the evening, in the State Dining Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush hosted a social dinner in honor of the Thelonius Monk Institute of 
Jazz followed by entertainment in the East Room.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to New York 
City to participate in the 61st United Nations General Assembly on 
September 18-20.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan to the White House on September 22.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan to the White House on September 26.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michele Davis to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Public Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Caroline C. Hunter 
to be Commissioner of the Election Assistance Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David Palmer to be 
a Commissioner of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael J. Astrue 
to be Commissioner of Social Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ned L. Siegel, 
Norman B. Coleman, and Barbara Boxer to be U.S. Representatives to the 
61st Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Barbara McConnell 
Barrett and Cecil E. Floyd to be Alternate U.S. Representatives to the 
61st Session of the United Nations General Assembly.

[[Page 1622]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint Frank D. Stella as 
a member of the Board of Governors of the United Service Organizations, 
Inc.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Duane R. Roberts, 
Jean Kennedy Smith, and Wilma E. Bernstein as members of the Board of 
Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
    The President announced that he has named Jeremy Katz and Myriah 
Jordan as Special Assistants to the President for Policy.

September 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.