Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 4 (Monday, January 30, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 4 (Monday, January 30, 2006)]
[Pages 137-139]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 21

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

January 22

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

 January 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Topeka, KS, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Janet Dunn. He then traveled to Manhattan, KS.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of a soldier 
killed in Afghanistan. He then returned to Washington, DC. Later, in the 
Oval Office, he participated in a photo opportunity with members of the 
U.S. Walker Cup team.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a retirement 
dinner for Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan.

January 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Senator Norm Coleman of Minnesota and Senator Mark Pryor of 
Arkansas, cochairs of the National Prayer Breakfast, to discuss 
preparations for the breakfast.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working lunch

[[Page 138]]

with Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz of Pakistan. Later, on the South Lawn, 
he participated in a photo opportunity with NASCAR Nextel Cup champion 
Tony Stewart and members of his racing team.
    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President met with Gov. Joe 
Manchin III of West Virginia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas J. Barrett 
to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety 
Administration at the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rajkumar Chellaraj 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for Administration.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Margaret Louise 
Kripke as a member of the President's Cancer Panel (Scientist).
    The President announced his intention to designate Mary K. Bush as 
chair of the Helping to Enhance the Livelihood of People (HELP) Around 
the Globe Commission.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Pristina, Kosovo, to attend 
the funeral of President Ibrahim Rugova of Kosovo on January 26: 
Alphonso R. Jackson (head of delegation); Philip S. Goldberg; and Frank 
Wisner.

January 25

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President had a telephone 
conversation with Prime Minister-elect Stephen Harper of Canada to 
congratulate him on his election victory. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing. He then participated in an interview with the Wall Street 
Journal.
    Later in the morning, in the Roosevelt Room, the President met with 
Members of the Senate to discuss the war on terror and the strategy for 
victory in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Fort Meade, MD, where, 
at the National Security Agency, he made remarks to employees. He then 
participated in a tour of the National Security Agency. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Tegucigalpa, Honduras, to 
attend the Inauguration of President Jose Manuel Zelaya Rosales of 
Honduras on January 27: Alberto R. Gonzales (head of delegation); 
Charles A. Ford; Cresencio Arcos; Miguel A. Estrada; and Redmond James 
Hogan.

January 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Kansas and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm from November 27-28, 2005.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nebraska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm from November 27-28, 2005.

January 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, he 
met with the Senate Republican Conference to discuss legislative 
priorities.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
Bob Schieffer of CBS News.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas P. 
D'Agostino to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs in the 
National Nuclear Security Administration at the Department of Energy.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randall S. 
Kroszner to be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System for the Fifth District.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Boyd Kevin 
Rutherford to be Assistant Secretary of Agriculture (Administration).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kevin M. Warsh to 
be a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for 
the Second District.
    The President announced his intention to designate Mary M. Rose as 
Vice Chairman of the Merit Systems Protection Board.

[[Page 139]]