Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 39 (Monday, October 2, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 39 (Monday, October 2, 2006)]
[Pages 1698-1699]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a delegation to Beirut, Lebanon, to visit areas affected 
by recent conflict and to meet with Prime Minister Fuad Siniora of 
Lebanon and business leaders to discuss rebuilding priorities: Dina 
Powell (head of delegation); Jeffrey Feltman; John T. Chambers; Yousif 
Ghafari; and Ray Irani.

September 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to New York City, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Katie Hustead. He then traveled to Riverside, 
CT.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Connecticut Republican Party luncheon. Later, he traveled to Cincinnati, 
OH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Robert 
``Kent'' Wellington II. Later, he toured Meyer Tool, Inc.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
reception for senatorial candidate Michael DeWine. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Budapest, Hungary, to attend 
the 50th anniversary of the Hungarian Revolution on October 23: George 
E. Pataki (head of delegation); April H. Foley; Peter K. Gogolak; and 
Steven F. Udvar-Hazy.

September 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Ali Abdallah Salih of Yemen.
    In the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President participated in a signing ceremony for 
Public Law 109-283, the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement 
Implementation Act. Later, he met with Republican congressional leaders 
to discuss legislative priorities.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
reception for Iowa, Arkansas, and Wisconsin congressional candidates.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kevin M. Kolevar 
to be Assistant Secretary of Energy (Electricity Delivery and Energy 
Reliability).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jane C. Luxton to 
be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Phillip L. Swagel 
to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Economic Policy).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thurgood Marshall, 
Jr., to be a Governor of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal 
Service.
    The President announced that he has named Tony Fratto as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Press Secretary.

[[Page 1699]]

September 27

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan to discuss Japan-U.S. relations and 
to congratulate him on his September 26 election victory. Later, he had 
an intelligence briefing. He then met with Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice.
    Later, in the morning, the President traveled to Memphis, TN, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Linda Smith.
    In the afternoon, at a private residence, the President attended a 
luncheon for senatorial candidate Bob Corker. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    In the evening, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had a 
working dinner with Vice President Dick Cheney, Secretary of State 
Condoleezza Rice, National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley, President 
Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan, and President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan.

September 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Hoover, AL, where, at the Hoover Public Safety Center, he 
participated in a briefing on energy. He then participated in an 
interview with the Wall Street Journal.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Birmingham, AL, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Heather Shufelt. 
Later, he traveled to Columbus, OH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Eva Bradshaw. He then traveled to New Albany, 
OH.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
reception for congressional candidate Deborah Pryce. He then returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ivo Sanader of Croatia to the White House on October 17.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dana Gioia to be 
Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric D. Eberhard 
to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall 
Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Commission on Drug-Free 
Communities: Catherine Thatcher Brunson (Public); Dennis Griffith 
(National Substance Abuse Reduction Organization); Steve Moak (National 
Substance Abuse Reduction Organization); and Janet R. Wood (State 
Substance Abuse Reduction Organization).

September 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
separate signing ceremonies for S. 418, the Military Personnel Financial 
Services Protection Act, and S. 3850, the Credit Rating Agency Reform 
Act of 2006.
    In the evening, at the Library of Congress, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended the 2006 National Book Festival Gala and dinner. Later, he 
traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert F. Hoyt to 
be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury.