Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 26 (Monday, July 3, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 26 (Monday, July 3, 2006)]
[Pages 1253-1255]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 25

    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the Ford's 
Theatre Gala, where the President made remarks for television broadcast 
on July 4.

June 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the East Room, he participated in a photo opportunity with the 2006 
Presidential Scholars.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President made 
remarks at a Republican National Committee finance luncheon.

June 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Senators to discuss proposed line-item veto legislation.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with S. Sgt. Christian Bagge, USA, who was wounded 
in Iraq in June 2005.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jay M. Cohen to be 
Under Secretary for Science and Technology at the Department of Homeland 
Security.

[[Page 1254]]

    The President announced his intention to nominate Sean T. 
Connaughton to be Administrator of the Maritime Administration at the 
Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Institute for Literacy 
Advisory Board: Carmel Borders; Donald D. Deshler; Blanca E. Enriquez; 
Patricia Mathes; Eliza McFadden; and Timothy Shanahan.

June 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO, where, 
upon arrival, he met with 2006 Presidential Scholar Andrew Benecke and 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Susan Reese.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Stralsund and Trinwillershagen, Germany, on July 13 to meet with 
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany.

June 29

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, in the Grand Foyer, the President and Mrs. Bush 
participated in a photo opportunity with Prime Minister Junichiro 
Koizumi of Japan. Later, in the State Dining Room, the President and 
Mrs. Bush hosted an official dinner for Prime Minister Koizumi, followed 
by entertainment in the East Room.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to areas 
of Louisiana impacted by Hurricane Katrina.
    The President made additional disaster assistance available to areas 
of Mississippi impacted by Hurricane Katrina.

June 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan 
to Memphis, TN, where they participated in a tour of Elvis Presley's 
Graceland mansion.
    In the afternoon, at the Rendezvous restaurant, the President and 
Mrs. Bush had lunch with Prime Minister Koizumi.
    Later in the afternoon, the President met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Sandi Langley before traveling to Columbus, OH, where, at a 
private residence, he attended a Mike DeWine for U.S. Senate reception.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lynette Boggs 
McDonald as a member of the Board of Visitors to the U.S. Naval Academy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Jason Edward Allen 
and William S. Gates as members of the Board of Trustees of the 
Christopher Columbus Fellowship Foundation.
    The President announced the nomination of Frank R. Jimenez to be 
General Counsel of the Department of the Navy.
    The President announced the nomination of Donald C. Johnson to be 
Ambassador to Equitorial Guinea.
    The President announced the nomination of Bruce I. Knight to be 
Under Secretary of Agriculture for Marketing and Regulatory Programs and 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Commodity Credit Corporation.
    The President announced the nomination of Charles E. McQueary to be 
Director of Operational Test and Evaluation at the Department of 
Defense.
    The President announced the nomination of Frederic S. Mishkin to be 
a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (1st 
District).
    The President announced the nomination of Edmund C. Moy to be 
Director of the Mint.
    The President announced the nomination of Nathaniel F. Wienecke to 
be Assistant

[[Page 1255]]

Secretary of Commerce for Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs.
    The President announced the designation of Paul J. Hutter as Acting 
Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Policy and Planning.
    The President declared a major disaster in Pennsylvania and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms, flooding, and mudslides beginning on June 
23 and continuing.