Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 42 (Monday, October 23, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 42 (Monday, October 23, 2006)]
[Pages 1862-1863]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 14

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to Arlington, VA. Later, 
they traveled to Camp David, MD.

October 15

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President declared an emergency in New York and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local response efforts in the area struck by 
a lake-effect snowstorm on October 12 and continuing.

October 16

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India and President Nuri al-Maliki 
of Iraq. Later, he had an intelligence briefing. Then, in the Oval 
Office, he met with Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew of Singapore.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in an interview 
with Bill O'Reilly of FOX News, for later broadcast.
    During the day, the President had a briefing on the October 15 
earthquake and aftershocks in Hawaii.
    The President declared a major disaster in Alaska and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides on August 
15-25.

October 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a bill signing ceremony for H.R. 
5122, the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2007, which was assigned Public Law No. 109-364. He then met with United 
Nations Secretary-General-designate Ban Ki-Moon.
    The President declared a major disaster in Hawaii and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the

[[Page 1863]]

area struck by an earthquake on October 15 and related aftershocks.

October 18

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing. He then traveled to Greensboro, NC, where, upon arrival, he 
met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Michelle Gilmore.
    In the afternoon, at Stamey's restaurant, the President had lunch 
with community leaders. Later, he toured Waldo C. Falkener Elementary 
School. He then traveled to Randleman, NC.
    Later in the afternoon, the President participated in an interview 
with George Stephanopoulos of ABC News, for later broadcast. He then 
traveled to Greensboro, NC, where, at a private residence, he attended a 
Republican National Committee dinner.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Avoca, PA, where, at the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 
International Airport, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Naomi 
Alamar. He then traveled to La Plume, PA.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Clarks Summit, PA, where 
he visited patrons at Manny's Ice Cream & Milk. Later he traveled to 
Richmond, VA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer William ``Robert'' Floyd, Sr. He then stopped by the Pumpkin 
Patch and visited with owner William F. Gallmeyer.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President-
elect Felipe Calderon of Mexico to the White House on November 9.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Katherine Almquist 
to be Assistant Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International 
Development (Bureau of Africa).
    The President announced that he has recess appointed Richard E. 
Stickler as Assistant Secretary of Mine Safety at the Department of 
Labor.
    The President announced that he has recess appointed Jeffrey R. 
Brown as a member of the Social Security Advisory Board.

October 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Department of Health and Human Services, he participated in a 
roundtable discussion on Medicare. He then participated in an interview 
with Kevin Freking of the Associated Press.
    The White House announced that the President will host Secretary 
General Jakob Gijsbert ``Jaap'' de Hoop Scheffer of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization at the White House on October 27.