Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 16 (Monday, April 24, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 16 (Monday, April 24, 2006)]
[Pages 749-750]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 15

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had Easter lunch with 
family members.

 April 16

    In the morning, at the Evergreen Chapel at Camp David, the 
President, Mrs. Bush, and family members attended an Easter Sunday 
service. Later, he met with U.S. military personnel.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

 April 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the State Floor, he and Mrs. Bush attended a White House Easter Egg 
Roll breakfast reception. They then participated in the White House 
Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Sterling, VA, where, 
upon arrival, he toured Europa Stone Distributors, Inc.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul A. Denett to 
be Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy at the Office of 
Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council: Debra 
Abrams; Esther Jungreis; Norma Lerner; Marvin A. Pomerantz; Alan Neil 
Rechtshaffen; J. Philip Rosen; Elie Wiesel; Bradley David Wine; and 
Judith Yudof.

 April 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Rockville, MD, where, at the Parkland Magnet Middle 
School for Aerospace Technology, he met with students and teachers.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Rob Portman to be 
Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Susan C. Schwab to 
be U.S. Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador.

 April 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with a children's soccer team from Iraq. He then traveled to 
Tuskegee, AL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Vester Marable. Later, at Tuskegee University, he participated 
in a demonstration of nanotechnology research.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his appointment of Joel D. Kaplan as 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy.
    The President announced his recess appointment of John L. Palmer and 
Thomas R. Saving as members of the Boards of Trustees of the Federal 
Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Disability 
Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, and the 
Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Bertha K. Madras 
as Deputy Director for Demand Reduction at the Office of National Drug 
Control Policy.
    The President announced his recess appointment of James F.X. O'Gara 
as Deputy Director for Supply Reduction at the Office of National Drug 
Control Policy.

 April 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the East Room, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a social lunch and entertainment for President Hu Jintao of China 
and his wife, Liu Yongqing.

 April 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. He then traveled to 
Moffett Federal Airfield, CA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Joe Russo. While enroute aboard Air

[[Page 750]]

Force One, he participated in a telephone conversation with Prime 
Minister-elect Romano Prodi of Italy to congratulate him on his election 
victory.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to San Jose, CA.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Stanford, CA, where, at 
a private residence, he met with Hoover Institution Fellows. Later, the 
President had dinner at a private residence.
    In the evening, the President traveled to St. Helena, CA.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark at Camp David, MD, on June 9.