Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 24 (Monday, June 19, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 24 (Monday, June 19, 2006)]
[Pages 1163-1164]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 10

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

June 11

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

June 12

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Then, on 
the North Portico, he participated in a photo opportunity with members 
of the World Cup Youth Delegation.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Camp David, MD, 
where he met with the Interagency Team on Iraq, some participating 
through video teleconference.
    In the afternoon, the President met with the Interagency Team on 
Iraq.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Baghdad, Iraq, arriving 
the following afternoon.

June 13

    In the morning, while en route to Baghdad, Iraq, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, the President met 
with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. Later, the President met 
with Prime Minister Maliki, the Iraqi Cabinet, and his Cabinet, 
participating from Camp David, MD, through video teleconference. Later, 
the President had separate meetings with President Jalal Talabani and 
Speaker of the Council of Representatives Mahmoud al-Mashhadani of Iraq 
and Iraqi business, cultural, and education leaders.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC, arriving 
the next morning. While en route aboard Air Force One, he participated 
in an interview with radio and television reporters.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
accompany Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to Memphis, TN, on 
June 30 following Prime Minister Koizumi's visit to the White House on 
June 29.

[[Page 1164]]

June 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a swearing-in ceremony for U.S. 
Trade Representative Susan C. Schwab. Then, in the Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Executive Office Building, he met with Randal McCloy, Jr., the only 
survivor of a January mining accident in Sago, WV, and his wife, Anna.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    In the evening, on the South Lawn, the President and Mrs. Bush 
attended the Congressional Picnic.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Geoffrey S. Bacino 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Housing Finance 
Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael V. Dunn to 
be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thomas C. Foley to 
be Ambassador to Ireland.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nancy Montanez-
Johner to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food, Nutrition, and 
Consumer Services and a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Commodity Credit Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on the Humanities: 
Josiah Bunting III; Mary Habeck; Robert S. Martin; Wilfred M. McClay; 
Manfredi Piccolomini; Jay Winik; and Kenneth R. Weinstein.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Science Board of the National 
Science Foundation: Mark R. Abbott; Camilla Persson Benbow; John T. 
Bruer; Patricia D. Galloway; Jose-Marie Griffiths; Karl Hess; Thomas N. 
Taylor; and Richard F. Thompson.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Service and Civic 
Participation: Janine L. Gauntt; Angela Baraquio Grey; Kelly Perdow; and 
Daniel C. Wuerffel.
    The President announced his intention to designate Jean M. Case as 
Chairman of the President's Council on Service and Civic Participation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Daniel Pearson as 
Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Shara L. Aranoff 
as Vice Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission.

June 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Seattle, WA, where, upon arrival at the Boeing Field/King 
County International Airport, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Norma McQuiller. He then traveled to Medina, WA, where, at a private 
residence, he attended a reception for congressional candidate Dave 
Reichert and the Washington State Republican Party.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Albuquerque, NM, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Patricia Ortiz. 
Later, he traveled to the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX.