Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 27 (Monday, July 10, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 27 (Monday, July 10, 2006)]
[Pages 1260-1261]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Executive Order 13409--Establishing an Emergency Board To Investigate a 
Dispute Between Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority and 
its Locomotive Engineers Represented by the Brotherhood of Locomotive 
Engineers and Trainmen

July 3, 2006

    A dispute exists between Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation 
Authority (SEPTA) and its employees represented by the Brotherhood of 
Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen (BLET).
    The dispute has not heretofore been adjusted under the provisions of 
the Railway Labor Act, as amended, 45 U.S.C. 151-188 (RLA).
    A party empowered by the RLA has requested that the President 
establish an emergency board pursuant to section 9A of the RLA (45 
U.S.C. 159a).
    Section 9A(c) of the RLA provides that the President, upon such 
request, shall appoint an emergency board to investigate and report on 
the dispute.
    Now, Therefore, by the authority vested in me as President by the 
Constitution and the laws of the United States, including section 9A of 
the RLA, it is hereby ordered as follows:
    Section 1. Establishment of Emergency Board (Board). There is 
established, effective 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on July 8, 2006, 
a Board of three members to be appointed by the President to investigate 
and report on this dispute. No member shall be

[[Page 1261]]

pecuniarily or otherwise interested in any organization of railroad 
employees or any carrier. The Board shall perform its functions subject 
to the availability of funds.
    Sec. 2. Report. The Board shall report to the President with respect 
to this dispute within 30 days of its creation.
    Sec. 3. Maintaining Conditions. As provided by section 9A(c) of the 
RLA, from the date of the creation of the Board and for 120 days 
thereafter, no change in the conditions out of which the dispute arose 
shall be made by the parties to the controversy, except by agreement of 
the parties.
    Sec. 4. Records Maintenance. The records and files of the Board are 
records of the Office of the President and upon the Board's termination 
shall be maintained in the physical custody of the National Mediation 
Board.
    Sec. 5. Expiration. The Board shall terminate upon the submission of 
the report provided for in section 2 of this order.
                                                George W. Bush
 The White House,
 July 3, 2006.

 [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 8:45 a.m., July 6, 
2006]

Note: This Executive order was published in the Federal Register on July 
7.