Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 9 (Monday, March 6, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 9 (Monday, March 6, 2006)]
[Pages 393-395]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. Later, in the Oval Office, he 
met with widows of prodemocracy advocates who disappeared in Belarus.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia to discuss the conclusion of 
bilateral free trade negotiations.
    The President declared a major disaster in Idaho and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding from December 30, 2005, through and including 
January 4, 2006.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William Ludwig 
Wehrum, Jr., to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency for Air and Radiation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council of Advisors on Science 
and Technology: F. Duane Ackerman; Paul M. Anderson; Robert A. Brown; 
Nance K. Dicciani; Richard H. Herman; Martin C. Jischke; Fred Kavli; 
Daniel A. Reed; Hector de Jesus Ruiz; Stratton D.

[[Page 394]]

Sclavos; John Brooks Slaughter; Joseph M. Tucci; Robert E. Witt; and 
Tadataka Yamada.
    The President announced his intention to designate Susan Schanlaber 
Barnes as Vice Chairman of the Advisory Council on Historic 
Preservation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Jeffrey William 
Runge as Acting Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Science and 
Technology.

February 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Kabul, 
Afghanistan, arriving the following day.
    In the evening, while en route to Afghanistan, the President and 
Mrs. Bush stopped over at Shannon International Airport, in Shannon, 
Ireland, where President Bush greeted U.S. Marines being deployed to 
Iraq.

March 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the Presidential Palace in Kabul, Afghanistan, 
the President had a working lunch with President Hamid Karzai of 
Afghanistan. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to New Delhi, India, 
where, upon arrival, they were greeted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 
of India and his wife, Gursharan Kaur.

March 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush participated in an arrival ceremony with President 
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India and his 
wife, Gursharan Kaur, at Rashtrapati Bhavan, the official residence of 
the President of India. They then participated in a wreath-laying 
ceremony at the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial.
    In the afternoon, at the Taj Palace Hotel, the President and Mrs. 
Bush had lunch with Prime Minister Singh and his wife, Gursharan Kaur. 
Later, at Roosevelt House, he greeted U.S. Embassy personnel and their 
families. Then, at the Maurya Sheraton Hotel and Towers, he participated 
in separate meetings with Indian opposition leader L.K. Advani and 
Indian National Congress Party chairman Sonia Gandhi.
    In the evening, at Rashtrapati Bhavan, the President participated in 
a courtesy call on President Kalam.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Inauguration of 
President Michelle Bachelet of Chile on March 11: Condoleezza Rice (head 
of delegation); Craig A. Kelly; and Karen P. Hughes.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to the Inauguration of President 
Anibal Cavaco Silva of Portugal on March 9: George H.W. Bush (head of 
delegation); Al Hoffman; and John D. Stufflebeem.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the opening ceremonies 
of the IX Paralympic Winter Games in Torino, Italy: Margaret Spellings 
(head of delegation); Ronald P. Spogli; Kirk Bauer; Chad Colley; and 
Nancy Starnes.

March 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Hyderabad, India. He then visited Acharya 
N.G. Ranga Agriculture University.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to New Delhi.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Islamabad, 
Pakistan.
    The President announced the nomination of John W. Cox to be Chief 
Financial Officer at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
    The President announced the nomination of George McDade Staples to 
be Director General of the Foreign Service at the Department of State, 
and his intention to appoint him Chairman of the Board of the Foreign 
Service.
    The President announced the nomination of Mickey D. Barnett and 
Katherine C. Tobin to be Governors on the Board of Governors of the U.S. 
Postal Service.
    The President announced the designation of William Ludwig Wehrum, 
Jr., as Acting

[[Page 395]]

Assistant Administrator for Air and Radiation at the Environmental 
Protection Agency.
    The President announced the designation of Sean O'Hollaren as Deputy 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced the designation of Lisa E. Epifani as 
Special Assistant to the President for Economic Policy.
    The President announced the designation of Brian V. McCormack as 
Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Public 
Liaison.