Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 21 (Monday, May 29, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 21 (Monday, May 29, 2006)]
[Pages 1033-1035]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


May 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

May 21

    In the afternoon, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Mayor C. Ray Nagin of New Orleans to congratulate him on his election 
victory.

May 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Chicago, IL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteers Barry and Tanya Jeong.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

May 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, the President had a working dinner with Prime 
Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel.

[[Page 1034]]

    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom to the White House on May 25.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Manuel Zelaya Rosales of Honduras to the White House on June 5.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard E. 
Hoagland to be Ambassador to Armenia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Clifford M. Sobel 
to be Ambassador to Brazil.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Inauguration of 
President Ahmed Abdallah Mohamed Sambi of Comoros on May 26: Frederick 
W. Schieck (head of delegation); and James David McGee.

May 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Rose Garden, he participated in a photo opportunity with members 
of the President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Pottstown, PA, where he 
participated in a tour of the Limerick Generating Station. Later, at the 
Saratoga Court Elder Care Center, he greeted residents of Pottstown. He 
then traveled to Philadelphia, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Reggie Waller.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan to the White House on 
June 29.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert O. Blake, 
Jr., to be Ambassador to Sri Lanka.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Elizabeth 
Dougherty to be a member of the National Mediation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patrick W. Dunne 
to be Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Policy and Planning.
    The President announced his appointment of Karl Zinsmeister as 
Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy.

May 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, on the South Lawn, the President participated in 
an arrival ceremony for Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Paul Kagame of Rwanda to the White House on May 31.
    The President declared a major disaster in Maine and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and flooding beginning on May 13 and continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in Massachusetts and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on May 12 and 
continuing.
    The President declared a major disaster in New Hampshire and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding beginning on May 12 and continuing.

May 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Stephen J. Harper of Canada to the White House on July 6.

[[Page 1035]]