Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 3 (Monday, January 23, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 3 (Monday, January 23, 2006)]
[Pages 95-97]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 14

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

January 15

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 96]]

January 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Secretary of Veterans Affairs James R. 
Nicholson, American Legion national commander Tom Brock, and John 
Summer, executive director of the Washington office of the American 
Legion.
    In the afternoon, in Room 350 of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executice 
Office Building, the President met with members of the Foreign 
Intelligence Service Advisory Board and participated in a swearing-in 
ceremony for the board.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Lech Kaczynski of Poland to the White House on February 9.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard A. Boucher 
to be Assistant Secretary of State for South Asian Affairs.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tyler D. Duvall to 
be Assistant Secretary of Transportation (Transportation Policy).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Preston M. Geren 
to be Under Secretary of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James B. Gulliford 
to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances at the Environmental 
Protection Agency.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Roger Shane Karr 
to be Assistant Secretary of Transportation (Governmental Affairs).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Nicole R. Nason to 
be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David L. Norquist 
to be Chief Financial Officer at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David C. Sanborn 
to be Administrator of the Maritime Administration of the Department of 
Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James S. Simpson 
to be Federal Transit Administrator at the Department of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ben S. Bernanke to 
be U.S. Alternate Governor of the International Monetary Fund.
    The President announced his intention to appoint John N. Etchart as 
a member of the Advisory Board of the National Air and Space Museum.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Valencia Campbell, 
Raymond Paul Caldiero, and James T. Dyke, Jr., as members of the Board 
of Governors of the United Service Organization, Incorporated.
    The President announced his intention to designate David L. Dunn as 
Acting Under Secretary of Education.
    The President announced his recess appointment of C. Boyden Gray as 
U.S. Representative to the European Union with the rank and status of 
Ambassador.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Dennis P. Walsh as 
a member of the National Labor Relations Board.

January 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a meeting with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    Later, he had a telephone conversation with Chancellor Angela Merkel 
of Germany to dicuss the situation in Iran.

January 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Sterling, VA. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President-elect Michelle Bachelet of Chile to congratulate her on her 
election victory.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randall L. Tobias 
to be Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Thad W. Allen to 
be Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard.

[[Page 97]]

January 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. Later, he met with Secretary of 
State Condoleezza Rice.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Carolina and 
ordered Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in 
the area struck by a severe ice storm from December 15-16, 2005.