Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 41 (Monday, October 16, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 41 (Monday, October 16, 2006)]
[Pages 1819-1820]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


October 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Langely Air Force Base, VA, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Leah Hunkins. They then 
traveled to Newport News, VA.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

October 9

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Hu Jintao of China, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia, and President Roh Moo-hyun of South 
Korea to discuss the situation in North Korea. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing.

October 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Chevy Chase, MD. Later, 
he traveled to Robins Air Force Base, GA, where, upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Melissa Rosa. He then traveled to 
Macon, GA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Deputy 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs Gordon H. Mansfield, and Gary Kurpius, 
commander-in-chief, and Robert E. Wallace, executive director of the 
Washington office, Veterans of Foreign Wars. Later, also in the Oval 
Office, he met with Morris H. Chapman, president and chief executive 
officer, Southern Baptist Convention, and Frank Page, SBC Executive 
Committee president, and his wife, Dayle.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Leonel Fernandez Reyna of the Dominican Republic to the White House on 
October 25.

October 12

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister John Howard of Australia. He then had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with State Councilor Tang 
Jiaxuan of China.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to St. Louis, MO, 
where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Tom Bailey, Jr.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Chicago, IL.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced that he has named David Broome as Special 
Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Gordon Johndroe as Special 
Assistant to the President and National Security Council Press 
Secretary.
    The President announced that he has named Richard Klingler as Senior 
Associate Counsel to the President and National Security Council Legal 
Advisor and General Counsel.
    The President announced that he has named Bobby Pittman, Jr., as 
Special Assistant to the President for African Affairs of the National 
Security Council.

October 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
on the South Portico, he participated in a photo opportunity with World 
War II veterans of the U.S. Air Forces' 57th Bomb Wing.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President 
attended a Republican

[[Page 1820]]

National Committee luncheon. Later, in the Oval Office, he participated 
in a photo opportunity with members of the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds. 
He then traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President and Mrs. Bush will 
welcome King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden to the White 
House on October 23.