Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 11 (Monday, March 20, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 11 (Monday, March 20, 2006)]
[Pages 490-492]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Capital Hilton Hotel, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended the Gridiron Club dinner.

[[Page 491]]

March 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Old Indian Treaty Room at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive 
Office Building, the President participated in a photo opportunity with 
the Intel Science Talent Search finalists.
    In the afternoon, the President received diplomatic credentials from 
newly appointed Ambassadors to the United States.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kenneth L. 
Wainstein to be an Assistant Attorney General and upon appointment to 
designate him as Assistant Attorney General for National Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jonann E. Chiles 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate J.C.A. Stagg to be 
a member of the Board of Trustees of the James Madison Memorial 
Fellowship Foundation (Academic).
    The President announced his intention to appoint John Cornyn and 
Edward M. Kennedy as members of the Board of Trustees of the James 
Madison Memorial Fellowship Foundation.

March 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Rochester, NY, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Father Joseph Champlin.
    In the afternoon, in a hangar at the Greater Rochester International 
Airport, the President met with family members of soldiers killed in 
Iraq and Afghanistan. Later, he returned to Washington, DC. Then, in the 
Roosevelt Room, he met with members of organizations involved in 
educating and enrolling seniors in Medicare prescription drug benefit 
plans.

March 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. He then met with 
Republican congressional leaders to discuss legislative priorities.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Silver Spring, MD. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC. He then met with Republican 
Members of Congress to discuss legislative priorities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Andrew C. von 
Eschenbach to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs at the Department of 
Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark C. Minton to 
be Ambassador to Mongolia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John A. Rizzo to 
be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas E. 
McNamara as Program Manager of the Information Sharing Environment.

March 16

    In the morning, the President met with Members of Congress who had 
recently visited the Darfur region of Sudan. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the U.S. Capitol, the President attended a St. 
Patrick's Day luncheon. Later, in the Oval Office, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with recipients of the Public Safety 
Officer Medal of Valor.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia to the White House on March 21.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, tornados, and flooding during the period of 
March 11-13.

March 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland. 
Then, he and Prime Minister Ahern met with community leaders from 
Northern Ireland and attended a St. Patrick's Day reception.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in a briefing on avian 
influenza. Later, he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp David, MD.

[[Page 492]]

    The White House announced that the President will host NATO 
Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer at the White House on March 20.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Michael D. Kirby 
to be Ambassador to Moldova.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Floyd E. Bloom and 
Nicholas Eberstadt as members of the President's Council on Bioethics.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Raymond Jardine, 
Jr., Samuel Metters, and William Gregory Rothman as members of the 
National Veterans Business Development Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Thomas E. Harvey 
as Acting Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Congressional 
Affairs).