Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 45 (Monday, November 13, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 45 (Monday, November 13, 2006)]
[Pages 2038-2039]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


November 4

    In the morning, in Englewood, CO, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, at Mile High Coffee, he had breakfast with small-
business owners. He then traveled to Greeley, CO.
    Later in the morning, he traveled to Aurora, CO, where, at Buckley 
Air Force Base, he met with family members of a Navy serviceman who was 
killed in Afghanistan.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    During the day, the President met with Robert M. Gates, president, 
Texas A&M University.

November 5

    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Grand Island, NE, where, 
upon arrival, he

[[Page 2039]]

met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Holly Theis. Later, he traveled to 
Topeka, KS, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Sharon Meissner.
    In the evening, the President returned to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.

November 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Pensacola, FL, where, upon arrival in the 
afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Honor Bell.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush traveled to 
Bentonville, AR. Later, they traveled to Dallas, TX, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Lori Whitlow.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to the Bush 
Ranch in Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel to the White House on November 13.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Anthony W. Ryan to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (Financial Markets).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Leon R. Sequeira 
to be Assistant Secretary of Labor (Policy).

November 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Crawford Fire Station, he and Mrs. Bush voted.
    Later in the morning, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.
    During the day, in the Oval Office, the President met with Secretary 
of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.

November 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

November 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in his private dining room, he had a breakfast meeting with Republican 
congressional leaders. Then, in the Oval Office, he and Mrs. Bush 
presented the 2006 National Medals of Arts and National Humanitarian 
Medals.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Andrew G. Biggs to 
be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Terry L. Cline to 
be Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services 
Administration of the Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard Allan Hill 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Diane Humetewa to 
be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall Scholarship 
and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Ankara, Turkey, to attend the 
funeral of former Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit of Turkey on November 11: 
Jeffrey Clay Sell (head of delegation); Ross Wilson; and W. Robert 
Pearson.