Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 7 (Monday, February 20, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 7 (Monday, February 20, 2006)]
[Pages 278-279]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


February 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

February 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting. Later, he participated in a 
signing ceremony for the 2006 Economic Report of the President and a 
photo opportunity with members of the Council of Economic Advisers.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President made remarks 
at a National Republican Senatorial Committee reception.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Irwin 
Cusick, Jr., to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James Lambright to 
be President of the Export-Import Bank of the U.S.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jon T. Rymer to be 
Inspector General of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dennis R. Spurgeon 
to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Nuclear Energy).
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee on the National 
Medal of Science: Oliver K. Baker; Sally K. Mason; Robert Y. Moore; and 
Harvey S. Rosen.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Samuel K. Lessey, 
Jr., John Stringer Rainey, and William H. Strong as members of the Board 
of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Service and Civic 
Participation: Raymond G. Chambers; Darrell Green; Michelle Nunn; Sara 
Evans Schelske; and Mark G. Yudof.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the closing ceremonies 
of the 2006 Olympic Games in Turin, Italy: Rudolph W. Giuliani (head of 
delegation); Ronald P. Spogli; Mario Andretti; and A. Kenneth Ciongoli.

February 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with the 
President's Council on Service and Civic Participation.
    In the evening, in the State Dining Room, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended a Valentine's Day dinner. Later, in the East Room, they 
attended a Valentine's Day performance.

[[Page 279]]

February 15

    In the morning, the President had breakfast with congressional 
leaders to discuss legislative priorities. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing. He then met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Columbus, OH, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Suraj Naresh 
Hinduja, before traveling to Dublin, OH. Then, in the employee break 
room at Wendy's International, Inc., Corporate Headquarters, he 
participated in a meeting on health savings accounts.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in a signing ceremony for H.R. 4636, 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Reform Conforming Amendments Act of 2005.

February 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a meeting with health insurance and business leaders to discuss 
health care transparency issues. He then participated in a briefing on 
the war on terror in Iraq with Republican Members of Congress.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President 
attended a Republican National Committee luncheon.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Linda Avery 
Strachan to be an Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Congressional 
Relations.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Lee J. Styslinger 
III as a member of the President's Export Council.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Joyce A. 
Silverthorne and Arthur W. Zimiga as members of the National Advisory 
Council on Indian Education.

February 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He also 
had a telephone conversation with Secretary General Jakob Gijsbert 
``Jaap'' de Hoop Scheffer of NATO to discuss the situation in Darfur, 
Sudan.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Tampa, FL, where, at 
MacDill Air Force Base, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Joe 
MacDougald. Later, he participated in a briefing on the war on terror 
with commanders of U.S. Central and Special Operations Commands.
    In the afternoon, the President met with family members of a soldier 
killed in Iraq. Later, he traveled to Orlando, FL, where, upon arrival, 
he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Shauna Clark. He then traveled 
to Lake Buena Vista, FL.
    In the evening, at Disney's Contemporary Resort, the President 
attended a Republican Party of Florida dinner. He then returned to 
Washington, DC.