Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 36 (Monday, September 11, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 36 (Monday, September 11, 2006)]
[Pages 1590-1591]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 2

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

September 3

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

September 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Piney Point, MD.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

September 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson, Jr.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with Amir Sabah 
al-Ahmad al-Jabir al-Sabah of Kuwait.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary E. Peters to 
be Secretary of Transportation.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert K. Steel to 
be Under Secretary of the Treasury (Domestic Finance).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mary Amelia Bomar 
to be Director of the National Park Service and to appoint her as a 
member of the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Center.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Larry W. Brown, 
John E. Mansfield, and Peter S. Winokur to be members of the Defense 
Nuclear Facilities Safety Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate William W. Mercer 
to be Associate Attorney General and to designate him as Acting 
Associate Attorney General of the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles F. Conner 
to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Commodity Credit 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dennis Bovin and 
Martin S. Feldstein as members of the President's Foreign Intelligence 
Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Dallas Rob Sweezy 
as a member of the President's Committee for People with Intellectual 
Disabilities and upon appointment to designate him as Chair.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee for People with 
Intellectual Disabilities: Clayton Aiken; Stephen Bird; Valerie 
Billmire; James Boles; Stephanie Brown; William J. Edwards; Brian J. 
Kelly; Mary Margaret Pucci; Linda Hampton Starnes; Stephen Henry 
Suroveic; and William E. Tienken.

September 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with Katie Couric of CBS Evening News.
    The President announced that he has promoted Anita B. McBride to be 
Assistant to the President and Chief of Staff to the First Lady.

September 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Atlanta, GA. While en route aboard Air Force One, he 
participated in an interview with

[[Page 1591]]

Charles Gibson of ABC News. He then traveled to Marietta, GA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Margaret Rose 
Halbert.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Savannah, GA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Mary Nelson Adams. 
He then traveled to Pooler, GA. Later, he returned to Washington, DC. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he participated in an interview 
with Paul Gigot of The Wall Street Journal.
    The White House announced that the President will visit Tallinn, 
Estonia, on November 28 and Riga, Lativa, where he will participate in 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization summit, on November 28 and 29.
    The President declared a major disaster in Arizona and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from July 25 to August 4.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lauren M. Maddox 
to be Assistant Secretary of Education (Communications and Outreach).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jovita Carranza to 
be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald Y. Yamamoto 
to be Ambassador to Ethiopia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dean A. Pinkert 
and Irving A. Williamson to be Commissioners of the U.S. International 
Trade Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Leslie Silverman 
as Vice Chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

September 8

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in an interview with Matt Lauer of NBC News. He then 
traveled to Flint, MI, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Greg Ybarra.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Clarkston, MI, where, at 
a private residence, he attended a reception for Senate candidate 
Michael J. Bouchard. Later, he traveled to Kansas City, MO, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteers Bradley Fisher and 
Taylor Mayes. Later, at a private residence, he attended a reception for 
Senate candidate James M. Talent.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.