Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 40 (Monday, October 9, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 40 (Monday, October 9, 2006)]
[Page 1709]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
Message to the Senate Transmitting the Protocol Amending the Denmark-
United States Taxation Convention

September 29, 2006

To the Senate of the United States:

    I transmit herewith, for Senate advice and consent to ratification, 
a Protocol Amending the Convention Between the Government of the United 
States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Denmark for the 
Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with 
Respect to Taxes on Income signed at Copenhagen May 2, 2006 (the 
``Protocol''). A related exchange of notes is enclosed for the 
information of the Senate. Also transmitted for the information of the 
Senate is the report of the Department of State with respect to the 
Protocol.
    The Protocol eliminates the withholding tax on certain cross-border 
dividend payments. Like a number of recent U.S. tax agreements, the 
proposed Protocol provides for the elimination of the withholding tax on 
dividends arising from certain direct investments and cross-border 
dividend payments to pension funds. In addition, the Protocol modernizes 
the Convention to bring it into closer conformity with current U.S. tax-
treaty policy, including strengthening the treaty's provisions 
preventing so-called treaty shopping.
    I recommend that the Senate give early and favorable consideration 
to the Protocol and give its advice and consent to ratification.
                                                George W. Bush
The White House,
September 29, 2006.

Note: This message was released by the Office of the Press Secretary on 
October 2. An original was not available for verification of the content 
of this message.