Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 14 (Monday, April 10, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 14 (Monday, April 10, 2006)]
[Pages 664-666]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 1

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

April 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. He then 
had a telephone conversation with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. 
Later, he traveled to Cincinnati, OH, where, upon arrival, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Eugene Goss and Keith and Carolyn Maupin, 
parents of Sgt.

[[Page 665]]

Keith Matthew Maupin, USA, who disappeared after being captured by 
insurgents in Iraq on April 9, 2004.
    In the afternoon, at Great American Ball Park, the President greeted 
Major League Baseball officials and visited team clubhouses. Later, he 
participated in pregame ceremonies with soldiers wounded in Iraq and 
Afghanistan and with John Prazynski, whose son, Lance Cpl. Taylor B. 
Prazynski, USMC, was killed in Afghanistan on May 9, 2005. He then threw 
out the first pitch for an opening day game between the Chicago Cubs and 
the Cincinnati Reds. He then watched the game.
    Later in the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation 
with Representative Tom DeLay of Texas to thank him for his service and 
wish him well in his retirement.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to attend the Inauguration of 
President Thomas Yay Boni of Benin on April 6: Karen P. Hughes (head of 
delegation); Wayne E. Neill; Ruth A. Davis; and Ward Brehm.

April 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, at the historic Evermay house, the President made 
remarks at a Republican National Committee finance luncheon. Later, he 
met with Republican Members of the Senate to discuss legislative 
priorities.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Eric M. Bost to be 
Ambassador to South Africa.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lisa Bobbie 
Schreiber Hughes to be Ambassador to Suriname.
    The President announced his intention to nominate David M. Robinson 
to be Ambassador to Guyana.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Earl Anthony Wayne 
to be Ambassador to Argentina.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board for International Food and 
Agricultural Development: Catherine Ann Bertini; Allen C. Christensen; 
Robert A. Easter; and Timothy A. Rabon.

April 5

    In the morning, in the Oval Office, the President had breakfast with 
Republican congressional leaders to discuss legislative priorities. 
Later, he had an intelligence briefing. He then traveled to Bridgeport, 
CT, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Amargeet Singh.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he met with Republican Members of Congress.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a screening of 
the film ``Voyage to Kure.''
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
John Agyekum Kufuor of Ghana to the White House on April 12.
    The President declared a disaster in Tennessee and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms and tornadoes on April 2-3.
    The President declared a disaster in Missouri and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
severe storms, tornadoes, and flooding from March 30 to April 3.

April 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Charlotte, NC, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Michelle Cornellier.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John A. Cloud, 
Jr., to be Ambassador to Lithuania.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lurita Alexis Doan 
to be Administrator of General Services.
    The President announced his intention to nominate R. David Paulison 
to be Under Secretary for Federal Emergency Management at the Department 
of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John Clint 
Williamson to be Ambassador at Large for War Crimes Issues.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Raymond Richard 
Geddes, Stephen

[[Page 666]]

Odland, and Mary E. Peters as members of the National Surface 
Transportation Policy and Revenue Study Commission.

April 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he participated in a National Security Council meeting on Iraq. He then 
participated in an interview with business and financial journalists.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.