Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 12 (Monday, March 27, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 12 (Monday, March 27, 2006)]
[Pages 556-557]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 18

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

March 19

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

[[Page 557]]

March 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. He then traveled to 
Cleveland, OH, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Lois Hagood.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oregon and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides from 
December 18, 2005, through and including January 21, 2006.

March 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch and attended 
a performance with President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia.

March 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing followed 
by a National Security Council meeting on Iraq. Later, he traveled to 
Wheeling, WV, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Kristen Holloway.
    In the afternoon, at the Capitol Music Hall, the President met with 
family members of soldiers killed in Iraq. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Hu Jintao of China to the White House on April 20.

March 23

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, in the Oval Office, he participated in a photo 
opportunity with the 2006 White House News Photographers Association 
``Eyes of History'' winners.
    In the evening, in the Blue Room, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted 
a social dinner to honor the 300th anniversary of the birth of Benjamin 
Franklin. Following the dinner, in the East Room, they attended a 
performance.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Tallinn, Estonia, to attend 
the funeral of former President Lennart Meri of Estonia on March 26: 
David A. Sampson (head of delegation); Aldona Zofia Wos; and Daniel 
Fried.

March 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Indianapolis, IN, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Marvin Bardo. 
Later, he traveled to Pittsburgh, PA, where, upon arrival, he met with 
USA Freedom Corps volunteer Edy Hope. He then traveled to Sewickley 
Heights, PA, where, at a private residence, he attended a Santorum 2006 
reception.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that President Bush will welcome President 
Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria to the White House on March 29.