Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 33 (Monday, August 21, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 33 (Monday, August 21, 2006)]
[Pages 1474-1475]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


August 12

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Fuad Siniora of Lebanon to discuss U.N. Security Council 
Resolution 1701 to establish a cease-fire in Lebanon.

August 13

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

August 14

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Romano Prodi of 
Italy to discuss the situation in Lebanon. He then traveled to 
Arlington, VA.
    In the afternoon, at the Pentagon, the President had a working lunch 
with experts on Iraq. Later, he returned to Washington, DC. Then, in the 
Oval Office, he participated in a bill signing ceremony for Public Law 
109-272, providing for the Federal acquisition of the Mt. Soledad 
Veterans Memorial in San Diego, CA.

August 15

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to McLean, VA, where, at the National Counterterrorism 
Center, he participated in a National Security Council and Homeland 
Security Council briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with 
counterterrorism and homeland security experts. Later, he met with his 
homeland security team. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
flooding beginning July 31 and continuing.

[[Page 1475]]

    The President announced his intention to appoint John Edward 
Niederhuber as Director of the National Cancer Institute at the 
Department of Health and Human Services.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Marta Brito Perez 
as Chief Human Capital Officer at the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Congressional Executive Commission on the 
People's Republic of China: Christopher R. Hill (At Large 
Representative); Franklin L. Lavin (Department of Commerce 
Representative); and Barry F. Lowenkron (State Department 
Representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Nancy Davenport as 
a member of the National Historical Publications and Records Commission.

August 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he granted pardons to 17 individuals.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to York, PA, where he 
toured Harley-Davidson Vehicle Operations. Later, he participated in a 
roundtable discussion on the economy with Harley-Davidson managers and 
workers. He then participated in an interview with USA Today.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Lancaster, PA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea to the White House on September 14.
    The President announced that he has named David McCormick as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser for 
International Economic Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Jennifer Christie as 
Special Assistant to the President for Presidential Personnel.

August 17

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld, military 
commanders, and senior military advisers to discuss the war on terror.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Camp David, MD.
    In the evening, the President met with his economic team.

August 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alan Garcia Perez of Peru to the White House on October 10.