Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 5 (Monday, February 6, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 5 (Monday, February 6, 2006)]
[Pages 186-188]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
________________________________________________________________________


<R05>
Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the evening, at the Capital Hilton Hotel, the President and Mrs. 
Bush attended the Alfalfa Club Dinner.

January 29

    In the afternoon, the President participated in a speech preparation 
session for his January 31 State of the Union Address.

January 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Family Theater, the President participated in a speech 
preparation session for his January 31 State of the Union Address.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a signing ceremony for a Presidential proclamation in honor of the 
fourth anniversary of the USA Freedom Corps.
    The President announced his intention to nominate W. Ralph Basham to 
be Commissioner of Customs at the Bureau of Customs and Border 
Enforcement in the Department of Homeland Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul DeCamp to be 
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division at the Department of Labor.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Edward P. Lazear 
to be a member of the Council of Economic Advisers and, upon 
appointment, to designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jeffrey L. 
Sedgwick to be Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics at the 
Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark Sullivan as 
Director of the U.S. Secret Service at the Department of Homeland 
Security.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to the 2006 Olympic Games in 
Turin, Italy: Laura Bush (head of delegation), Ronald P. Spogli, Barbara 
P. Bush, Roland Betts, Brad Freeman, Dorothy Hamill, Eric Heiden, Kerri 
Strug, Debi Thomas, and Herschel Walker.

[[Page 187]]

January 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he met with Samuel A. Alito, Jr., to congratulate 
him on being confirmed by the Senate as an Associate Justice of the U.S. 
Supreme Court.
    In the afternoon, in the Old Family Dining Room, the President had 
lunch with television correspondents.

February 1

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the situation in Iran. 
Later, he had a telephone conversation with President Evo Morales of 
Bolivia to congratulate him on his election and inauguration. He then 
had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President and Mrs. 
Bush participated in a signing ceremony for a Presidential proclamation 
in honor of American Heart Month. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to 
Nashville, TN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Suzanne Bingham.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

February 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Minneapolis, MN, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Anna Edlund. He then traveled to Maplewood, MN, 
where he toured 3M headquarters.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Albuquerque, NM, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Mike Martin.

February 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
the President traveled to Dallas, TX, where, upon arrival in the 
afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Sharon Randolph.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to the Bush Ranch in 
Crawford, TX.
    The White House announced that President Bush will welcome King 
Abdullah II of Jordan to the White House on February 8.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Secretary-
General Kofi Annan of the United Nations to the White House on February 
13.
    The President declared a major disaster in Nevada and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from December 31, 2005, to January 
4, 2006.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, mudslides, and landslides from 
December 17, 2005, through January 3, 2006.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Benedict S. Cohen 
to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert M. McDowell 
to be a Commissioner on the Federal Communications Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mauricio J. 
Tamargo to be Chairman of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission of 
the U.S. at the Department of Justice.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Armando J. Bucelo 
to be a director of the Board of Directors of the Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation (Public).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Todd S. Farha to 
be a director of the Board of Directors of the Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation (Public) and, upon appointment, to designate him 
as vice chairman.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Douglas DeMaster as 
Deputy U.S. Commissioner on the International Whaling Commission.
    The President annnounced his intention to appoint William Hogarth as 
U.S. Commissioner on the International Whaling Commission.
    The President announced his intention to appoint William B. Keleher 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Valles Caldera Trust 
(Expert in Cultural and Natural History).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Michael Robert 
Oestreicher as a

[[Page 188]]

member of the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations.
    The President announced his appointment of Kevin J. Bergner as 
Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Iraq.
    The President announced his appointment of J. Scott Jennings as 
Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Political 
Affairs.
    The President announced his appointment of Jeffrey F. Kupfer as 
Special Assistant to the President for Economic Policy.
    The President announced his appointment of Elisabeth Millard as 
Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for South and 
Central Asian Affairs.
    The President announced his appointment of Luis A. Reyes as Special 
Assistant to the President for Presidential Personnel.