Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 44 (Monday, November 6, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 44 (Monday, November 6, 2006)]
[Pages 1972-1974]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
  Digest of Other  White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


 The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


[[Page 1973]]



October 28

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq. He then had an intelligence 
briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Sellersburg, IN, 
where, upon arrival in the afternoon, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Judy Seelye. Later, he had a telephone conversation with 
Republican National Committee Chairman Ken Mehlman, which was broadcast 
to grassroots campaign supporters throughout the country.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Charleston Air 
Force Base, SC.
    During the day, the President had a telephone conversation with 
William O. DeWitt, owner, St. Louis Cardinals, to congratulate him on 
winning the Major League Baseball World Series.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Kiawah Island, SC, where, 
at a private residence, he attended a Republican National Committee 
dinner. Later, he returned to Washington, DC.

October 29

    In the afternoon, in the Family Theater, the President and Mrs. Bush 
hosted a screening of the film ``Children of Glory.''
    In the evening, in the Diplomatic Reception Room, the President and 
Mrs. Bush hosted a dinner for ``Children of Glory'' guests.

October 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Hunter Army Airfield, GA, where, upon arrival, he met 
with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Rebekah Rotton. He then traveled to 
Statesboro, GA.
    In the afternoon, the President participated in an interview with 
Sean Hannity of FOX News, for later broadcast.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Houston, TX, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Pat 
McWaters. He then traveled to Sugar Land, TX.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts: Elliott Bryan Broidy; Emilio Estefan, 
Jr.; Sheldon B. Kamins; James V. Kimsey; Norman Y. Mineta; and Stephen 
A. Wynn.

October 31

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil. He then had an 
intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, in the Map Room, the President participated in 
separate interviews with Alison Burns of Cox Broadcasting, Morris Jones 
of Sinclair Broadcast Group, and Melissa Charbonneau of Christian 
Broadcasting Network.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Robins Air Force Base, 
GA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Eloise 
Hadaway. He then traveled to Perry, GA.
    In the evening, the President returned to Robins Air Force Base, 
where he met with families and passed out Halloween candy. Later, he 
returned to Washington, DC.

November 1

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
    Later in the morning, the President participated in a telephone 
interview with Rush Limbaugh of The Rush Limbaugh Show. He then met with 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
an interview with Terence Hunt of the Associated Press, Steve Holland of 
Reuters, and Richard Keil of Bloomberg News.

November 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Billings, MT, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Mark Polakoff.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Elko, NV, where, upon 
arrival, he met with

[[Page 1974]]

USA Freedom Corps volunteer Cathy McAdoo.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Springfield, MO, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Dennis 
Jones.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of the Presidential delegation to observe the Presidential 
and legislative elections in Managua, Nicaragua, on November 5: Paul 
Trivelli; J. Bennett Johnston; and Bill Paxon.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dan Gregory Blair 
to be a member of the Postal Rate Commission and, upon confirmation, to 
designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Scott A. Keller to 
be Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (Congressional 
and Intergovernmental Relations).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Paul A. Schneider 
to be Under Secretary for Management at the Department of Homeland 
Security.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the National Council on the Arts: Benjamin 
Donenberg; Foreststorn Hamilton; Joan Israelite; Charlotte P. Kessler; 
Robert Bretley Lott; and William Francis Price, Jr.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Juan Carlos 
Iturregui and Leonard Sands as members of the President's Export 
Council.
    The President declared a major disaster in Missouri and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms on July 19-21.
    The President declared a major disaster in Louisiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding on October 16 and continuing.

November 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Joplin, MO.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Sioux City, IA, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Earl Belt. He then 
traveled to Le Mars, IA.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Englewood, CO.
    The President announced that he has named Craig M. Albright as 
Special Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs.
    The President announced that he has named Ross Kyle as Special 
Assistant to the President for Cabinet Liaison.