Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 38 (Monday, September 25, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 38 (Monday, September 25, 2006)]
[Pages 1658-1660]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 16

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

[[Page 1659]]

September 18

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to New York City.
    In the afternoon, at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, the President had 
separate meetings with President Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of El 
Salvador, President Manuel Zelaya Rosales of Honduras, and President 
Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete of Tanzania.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee reception.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Ukraine to attend the 
commemoration of the 65th anniverary of the tragedy in Babyn Yar on 
September 27: Margaret Spellings (head of delegation); William B. 
Taylor, Jr.; Gregg Rickman; Fred S. Zeidman; and Vincent Obsitnik.

September 19

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the United Nations headquarters, he met with United Nations 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan. He then met with Sheikha Haya Rashed Al 
Khalifa of Bahrain, President of the 61st Session of the United Nations 
General Assembly.
    In the afternoon, at the United Nations headquarters, the President 
participated in a roundtable discussion on democracy with other heads of 
state and leaders of nongovernmental organizations.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan and President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan 
to the White House on September 27.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark J. Warshawsky 
and Dana K. Bilyeu to be members of the Social Security Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation: Kay Kelley Arnold (Public Representative); Gary C. 
Bryner (Public Representative); Thomas Joseph Dodd (Public 
Representative); Hector E. Morales (Government Representative); John P. 
Salazar (Public Representative); Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., (Government 
Representative); and Jack Vaughn (Public Representative).
    The President announced his intention to designate Sylvester J. 
Schieber as Chairman of the Social Security Advisory Board.
    The President announced his intention to designate Jack Vaughn as 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American 
Foundation.

September 20

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, he met with members of the U.S. mission to 
the United Nations. He then participated in an interview with Wolf 
Blitzer of CNN.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

September 21

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld. He then traveled to 
Tampa, FL, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer 
Zach Bonner.
    Later in the morning, the President visited the NFL Tampa Bay 
Bucaneers training facility.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Orlando, FL, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Linda Feld.
    In the evening, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Curtis S. Chin to 
be U.S. Director of the Asian Development Bank with the rank of 
Ambassador.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven R. 
Chealander to be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board 
(Qualified).
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald Spogli to 
be Ambassador to San Marino.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Craig Stapleton to 
be Ambassador to Monaco.
    The President announced his intention to designate Paul J. Hutter as 
Acting General

[[Page 1660]]

Counsel of the Department of Veterans Affairs.

September 22

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Oval Office, he participated in separate photo opportunities with 
2006 National Spelling Bee champion Katharine ``Kerry'' Close and the 
2006 Boys and Girls Club Youth of the Year Stacey Walker and regional 
finalists Kelly Barefield, Alyse Eady, Montorie Lee, and David Shelly.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom 
Award recipients.
    In the evening, at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing 
Arts, the President and Mrs. Bush attended the musical drama ``Asleep at 
the Wheel: A Ride With Bob.''
    The President declared a major disaster in Virginia and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement Commonwealth and local recovery efforts in the 
area struck by severe storms and flooding, including severe storms and 
flooding associated with Tropical Depression Ernesto, from August 29 to 
September 7.