Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 17 (Monday, May 1, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 17 (Monday, May 1, 2006)]
[Pages 819-821]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


April 22

    In the morning, in St. Helena, CA, the President had an intelligence 
briefing. Later, in the Los Posados State Forest, he bicycled with the 
Travis Air Force Base cycling team.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to West Sacramento, CA, 
where he toured the California Fuel Cell Partnership. Later, he traveled 
to Palm Springs, CA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Liridon Leti. He then traveled to Indian Wells, CA.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Rancho Mirage, CA.

April 23

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with President Jalal

[[Page 820]]

Talabani, Speaker of Parliament Mahmoud al-Mashhadani, and Prime 
Minister-designate Jawad al-Maliki to congratulate them on their new 
positions and to pledge continued support for democracy in Iraq. The 
President also had a telephone conversation with U.S. Ambassador to Iraq 
Zalmay Khalilzad.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Twentynine Palms, 
CA, where, in the Protestant chapel of the Marine Corps Air Ground 
Combat Center, he attended a church service.
    In the afternoon, in the Mess Hall of the Marine Air Ground Combat 
Center, the President had lunch with members of the Marine Corps and 
U.S. Navy and their family members. Later, he returned to Rancho Mirage, 
CA.
    In the evening, the President met and had dinner with local 
officials.

April 24

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Santa Ana, CA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Laura Chanan. He then traveled to Irvine, CA.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Las Vegas, NV, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Patty 
Murphy.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Tabare Vazquez of Uruguay to the White House on May 4.

April 25

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to offer condolences for the loss of 
life due to recent terrorist attacks in Egypt. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing. Then, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with Senators 
to discuss the situation in Iraq.
    The President announced his intention to nominate April H. Foley to 
be Ambassador to Hungary.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Tracey Ann 
Jacobson to be Ambassador to Tajikistan.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Kevin J. Martin to 
be a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission and upon 
appointment to designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Sue C. Payton to 
be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Research, and 
Development.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Steven C. Preston 
to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gaddi H. Vasquez 
for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as U.S. 
Representative to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Lawrence A. Warder 
to be Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Education.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Ralph B. Marquez as 
a member of the Joint Public Advisory Committee of the Commission for 
Environmental Cooperation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint David A. Ullrich as 
a Commissioner of the U.S. Section of the Great Lakes Fishery 
Commission.
    The President announced his intention to designate Robert H. 
Foglesong as Co-Chairman of the U.S.-Russian Joint Commission on POW/
MIAs.

April 26

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
in the Roosevelt Room, he met with Members of Congress to discuss the 
situation in Iraq.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with John J. Danilovich, Chief Executive Officer 
of the Millennium Challenge Corporation. Then, in the Yellow Oval Room, 
he met with Republican Senators.
    In the evening, the President and Mrs. Bush hosted a reception for 
Republican Members of Congress.

April 27

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Prime Minister

[[Page 821]]

Ferenc Gyurcsany of Hungary to congratulate him on his election victory. 
Later, he had an intelligence briefing. He then traveled to New Orleans, 
LA, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Tris 
Coffin, Jr.
    In the afternoon, on North Roman Street, the President participated 
in a Habitat for Humanity house rebuilding project. Later, he traveled 
to Biloxi, MS, where he toured the Hands On Network Gulf Coast Civic 
Action Center. He then returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert Anthony 
Bradtke to be Ambassador to Croatia.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Dale Klein to be a 
Commissioner of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and upon appointment 
to designate him as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to nominate James B. Lockhart 
III to be Director of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise 
Oversight.
    The President announced his intention to nominate the following 
individuals to be members of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight 
Board: Paul Cherecwich, Jr.; Donald V. Hammond; Catherine G. West; and 
Deborah L. Wince-Smith.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Council on Physical Fitness 
and Sports: John Burke (and upon appointment to designate him chairman); 
Dorothy Gay Richardson (and upon appointment to designate her vice 
chairman); Denise Austin; James N. Baird; Paul Carrozza; William Greer; 
T.L. Mitchell; Charles H. Moore, Jr.; Catherine M. Baase; Kirk M. Bauer; 
Steven Bornstein; Susan Lieberman Dell; Lillian Rachelle Green-
Chamberlain; Donna Richardson Joyner; Edward R. Laskowski; Elisha Nelson 
Manning; Jerry V. Noyce; Mary Lou Retton; Andrew Roddick; and W. Edgar 
Welden.
    The President announced his intention to designate James B. Lockhart 
III as Acting Director of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise 
Oversight.

April 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.