Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 13 (Monday, April 3, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 13 (Monday, April 3, 2006)]
[Pages 624-625]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


March 25

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he and Mrs. Bush traveled to Camp David, MD.

March 26

    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

March 27

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Ronald S. Cooper 
to be General Counsel of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Harry R. Hoglander 
and Peter W. Tredick to be members of the National Mediation Board.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Molly A. O'Neill 
to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for 
Environmental Information.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation: 
John Nau (General Public); D. Franklin Arey III (General Public); Alan 
Autry; and Matt Blunt.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Marilyn Castor 
Machon Pattillo and Frank Jao as members of the Board of Directors of 
the Vietnam Education Foundation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint the following 
individuals as members of the President's Committee for People with 
Intellectual Disabilities: Ricardo Barraza, Jr.; Herbert Bartlett; 
Sharman Word Dennis; Carmela Vargas Gonzales; Harris N. Hollin; Casey 
Patrick O'Halloran; Thomas J. Reilly;

[[Page 625]]

Steven C. Rhatigan; Neil Romano; and Dallas Rob Sweezy.

March 28

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with outgoing Prime Minister Percival 
James Patterson of Jamaica to commend him for his distinguished service. 
He then had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister-designate 
Portia Simpson Miller of Jamaica to congratulate her on taking office.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Members of Congress who had 
recently visited Iraq.
    During the day, the President met with President-elect Rene Preval 
of Haiti.
    The President declared a major disaster in Illinois and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by tornadoes and severe storms on March 11-13.

March 29

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel to congratulate him on his 
party's success in the recent election. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President met with Republican congressional 
leaders to discuss legislative priorities. Later, he participated in a 
photo opportunity with Spring 2006 White House interns. He then traveled 
to Cancun, Mexico.

March 30

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
the President traveled to Chichen-Itza, Mexico, where he toured the 
Chichen-Itza archaeological ruins. He then returned to Cancun, Mexico.
    In the evening, at the Fiesta Americana Condesa Cancun Hotel, the 
President had dinner with President Vicente Fox of Mexico and Prime 
Minister Stephen Harper of Canada.
    The President announced his nomination of Daniel L. Cooper to be 
Under Secretary for Benefits of the Department of Veterans Affairs.

March 31

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Fiesta Americana Condesa Cancun Hotel, he participated in a 
meeting with American, Canadian, and Mexican chief executive officers to 
discuss the North American economy. He then traveled to the Bush Ranch 
in Crawford, TX.
    The President announced his appointment of Dana M. Perino as Deputy 
Assistant to the President and Deputy Press Secretary.
    The President announced his appointment of Kenneth A. Lisaius as 
Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Press Secretary.
    The President announced his appointment of Christopher G. Michel as 
Special Assistant to the President for Speechwriting.
    The President announced his appointment of Blain Rethmeier as 
Special Assistant to the President for Communications.