Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 2 (Monday, January 16, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 2 (Monday, January 16, 2006)]
[Pages 70-71]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


January 7

    During the day, the President traveled to Camp David, MD, where he 
had an intelligence briefing.

January 8

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

January 9

    In the morning, in the Private Dining Room, the President had 
breakfast with Supreme Court Associate Justice-designate Samuel A. 
Alito, Jr. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation 
with Vice President Dick Cheney to wish him well after his brief 
hospital visit earlier that morning. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to 
Glen Burnie, MD, where they visited with students at North Glen 
Elementary School before returning to Washington, DC.
    In the evening, in the Cabinet Room, the President met with Vice 
President Cheney, members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and combatant 
commanders to discuss U.S. military operations around the world. Later, 
in the Residence, he hosted a reception and dinner for members of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff and combatant commanders.
    The President announced his designation of the following individuals 
as members of a Presidential delegation to Astana, Kazakhstan, to attend 
the Inauguration of President Nursultan Nazarbayev on January 11: Mike 
Johanns (head of delegation); John M. Ordway; Josette Sheeran Shinger; 
and Timothy D. Adams.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Steven Kent 
Mullins as U.S. Attorney for the District of South Dakota.

January 10

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with the 2005 Little League Softball World Series 
champions.
    The President declared a major disaster in Oklahoma and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by an extreme wildfire threat on December 1, 2005, and 
continuing.

January 11

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. Then, in the Oval 
Office, he participated in a signing ceremony for the U.S.-Bahrain Free 
Trade Agreement.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to Louisville, KY, 
where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Bob 
Manning.
    In the afternoon, at the Kentucky International Convention Center, 
the President met with family members of a soldier killed in Iraq. 
Later, he returned to Washington, DC.
    The President declared a major disaster in Texas and ordered Federal 
aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area struck by 
an extreme wildfire threat beginning on December 1, 2005, and 
continuing.

January 12

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel to express his concern for 
the health of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and to wish the 
acting Prime Minister well. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    Later in the morning, the President traveled to New Orleans, LA. 
While en route aboard Air Force One, he had a telephone conversation 
with Supreme Court Associate

[[Page 71]]

Justice-designate Samuel A. Alito, Jr., to discuss the judge's Senate 
confirmation hearing. Upon arrival in New Orleans, he met with USA 
Freedom Corps volunteer Daisy Vandenburgh.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Waveland, MS, where, 
upon arrival, he met with a group of first-responders. Later, he 
traveled to Palm Beach, FL. Upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps 
volunteer Yirela Alcantara.
    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee reception. Later, he returned to 
Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Gale A. Buchanan 
to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Research, Education, and 
Economics.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Donald T. Bliss to 
be U.S. Representative on the Council of the International Civil 
Aviation Organization with the rank of Ambassador.

January 13

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with President Elias Antonio Saca 
Gonzalez of El Salvador to discuss bilateral issues. Then, in the Oval 
Office, he met with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany.
    In the afternoon, the President had a working lunch with Chancellor 
Merkel. Later, in the Oval Office, he met with business leaders to 
discuss natural disaster relief and reconstruction efforts in Central 
America.
    Later in the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President 
participated in a photo opportunity with the U.S. Solheim Cup women's 
golf team. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to Camp David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome Prime 
Minister Shaukat Aziz of Pakistan to the White House on January 24.
    The President announced his designation of a Presidential delegation 
to attend the Inauguration of President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf of Liberia 
on January 16: Laura Bush (head of delegation); Condoleezza Rice; Donald 
E. Booth; Jendayi E. Frazer; Cindy Courville; and Barbara P. Bush.