Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 40 (Monday, October 9, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 40 (Monday, October 9, 2006)]
[Pages 1760-1761]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


September 30

    In the morning, at Camp David, MD, the President had an intelligence 
briefing.

October 1

    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 2

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing followed by a briefing on wildfires in California. He and Mrs. 
Bush then participated in planting an elm tree on the north grounds of 
the White House.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Reno, NV, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Elaine Nickovich.
    In the evening, the President traveled to Stockton, CA, where, upon 
arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Masanobu Kamigaki.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mary E. Peters as a 
member of the Amtrak Reform Board.

October 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
at the Radisson Hotel, he participated in a signing ceremony for Public 
Law 109-294, the Partners for Fish and Wildlife Act.
    Later in the morning, the President toured the George W. Bush 
Elementary School.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to El Dorado Hills, CA. 
Later, he traveled to Los Angeles, CA. While en route aboard Air Force 
One, he had a briefing on wildfires in California. Upon arrival in Los 
Angeles, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Matthew Cook.

[[Page 1761]]

    In the evening, at a private residence, the President attended a 
Republican National Committee reception. Later, he traveled to Phoenix, 
AZ, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer Barbara 
MacLean. He then traveled to Scottsdale, AZ.

October 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Denver, CO, where, upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom 
Corps volunteer Mary Lester. He then traveled to Englewood, CO.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.

October 5

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he toured Woodridge Elementary and Middle Campus.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President met with Paul A. 
Morin, national commander, American Legion.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Charles E. Dorkey 
III to be a member of the Advisory Board of the Saint Lawrence Seaway 
Development Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to designate Stanley E. Taylor 
as Chairman of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Mark B. Murphy as a 
member of the Advisory Board of the National Air and Space Museum.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Debra Lynn Crisp as 
a member of the Klamath River Compact Commission (Federal 
Representative) and, upon appointment, to designate her as Chairman.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Steven M. Colloton 
as a member of the Board of Trustees of the James Madison Memorial 
Fellowship Foundation (Federal Judiciary).

October 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had separate telephone conversations with President Abdoulaye Wade of 
Senegal to discuss the situation in Darfur, Sudan, and Prime Minister 
Stephen Harper of Canada to discuss international issues.
    Later in the morning, the President toured the FedEx Express DCA 
Facility. Later, at the facility, he participated in a roundtable 
discussion on the national economy.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a photo opportunity with members of the Supreme Headquarters Allied 
Expeditionary Force/Headquarters European Theater of Operations U.S. 
Army Veterans Association.
    The President declared a major disaster in Indiana and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms and flooding from September 12-14.