Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 1 (Monday, January 9, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 1 (Monday, January 9, 2006)]
[Pages 19-21]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


December 31, 2005

    In the morning, at the Bush Ranch in Crawford, TX, the President had 
an intelligence briefing.

January 1

    In the morning, the President traveled to San Antonio, TX, where, at 
Brooke Army Medical Center, he visited wounded soldiers and their family 
members and presented Purple Heart medals to nine soldiers.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush returned to 
Washington, DC.

January 2

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

January 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing and a 
briefing on the situation in Tallmansville, WV, where 13 coal miners 
were trapped underground in the I.C.G. Sago Run Mine following an 
accident. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with the Homeland 
Security Council to discuss the USA PATRIOT Act.
    Later in the morning, the President met with Lt. Gen. Keith W. 
Dayton, USA, U.S. Security Coordinator Israel-Palestinian Authority.
    Also in the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
Gov. Joe Manchin III of West Virginia to discuss the situation in the 
Sago Run Mine.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with Vice President Dick 
Cheney. Later, he met with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.

January 4

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he had a telephone conversation with Gov. Joe Manchin III of

[[Page 20]]

West Virginia to discuss the situation in the Sago Run Mine. He then 
traveled to Arlington, VA, where, at the Pentagon, he participated in a 
briefing on the war on terror.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he participated in a photo opportunity with White House Fellows.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Patricia A. 
Butenis to be Ambassador to Bangladesh.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert M. Couch to 
be President of the Government National Mortgage Association.
    The President announced his intention to nominate John A. Simon to 
be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation.
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert J. Creighton 
as a member of the Medal of Valor Review Board (Emergency Services).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Robert George Hayes 
as a member of the International Commission for the Conservation of 
Atlantic Tunas (Sport Fishing Representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Randi Parks Thomas 
as a member of the International Commission for the Conservation of 
Atlantic Tunas (Commercial Fishing Representative).
    The President announced his intention to appoint Howard H. Li as a 
member of the President's Advisory Commission on Asian Americans and 
Pacific Islanders.
    The President announced his intention to designate Myrna Blyth as 
chairman of the President's Commission on White House Fellowships.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Floyd Hall and 
Enrique J. Sosa as members of the AMTRAK Reform Board.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Nadine Hogan and 
Roger W. Wallace as members of the Board of Directors of the Inter-
American Foundation (Private Representatives).
    The President announced his recess appointment of Gordon England as 
Deputy Secretary of Defense.
    The President announced his recess appointment of Benjamin A. Powell 
as General Counsel of the Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence.

    The President announced his recess appointment of Ronald E. Meisburg 
as General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board.

    The President announced his recess appointment of Julie L. Myers as 
Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Bureau of Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement).

    The President announced his recess appointment of Tracy A. Henke as 
Executive Director of the Office of State and Local Government 
Coordination and Preparedness at the Department of Homeland Security.

    The President announced his recess appointment of Arthur F. 
Rosenfeld as Federal Mediation and Conciliation Director at the Federal 
Mediation and Conciliation Service.

    The President announced his recess appointment of Ellen R. Sauerbrey 
as Assistant Secretary of State (Population, Refugees, and Migration).

    The President announced his recess appointment of Dorrance Smith as 
Assistant Secretary of Defense (Public Affairs).

    The President announced his recess appointment of Robert D. Lenhard, 
Steven T. Walther, and Hans von Spakovsky as members of the Federal 
Election Commission.

    The President announced his recess appointment of Peter N. Kirsanow 
as a member of the National Labor Relations Board.

    The President announced his recess appointment of Stephen Goldsmith 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service.

    The President declared a major disaster in Minnesota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm from November 27-29, 2005.

    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm from November 27-30, 2005.

[[Page 21]]

January 5

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan. Later, he had an 
intelligence briefing. He then had a telephone conversation with Coach 
Mack Brown of the University of Texas Longhorns football team to 
congratulate him on the team's Rose Bowl victory.
    Later in the morning, in the Oval Office, the President participated 
in a photo opportunity with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, 
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfled, and former Secretaries of State 
and Defense.
    In the afternoon, in the Oval Office, the President participated in 
a signing ceremony for the Violence Against Women and Department of 
Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005.

January 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Chicago, IL, where he participated in a tour of the 
Chicago Board of Trade.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Richard T. Miller 
to be U.S. Representative in the Economic and Social Council of the 
United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and Alternate U.S. 
Representative to the Sessions of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Jackie W. Sanders 
to be Alternate U.S. Representative for Special Political Affairs in the 
United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and Alternate U.S. 
Representative to the Sessions of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Mark D. Wallace to 
be U.S. Representative to the United Nations for Management and Reform, 
with the rank of Ambassador, and Alternate U.S. Representative to the 
Sessions of the United Nations General Assembly.
    The President announced his recess appointment of John Gardner as a 
governor of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.