Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42 Issue 23 (Monday, June 12, 2006)


[Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents Volume 42, Number 23 (Monday, June 12, 2006)]
[Pages 1112-1113]
[Online from the Government Printing Office, www.gpo.gov]

<R04>
 Digest of Other White House Announcements

________________________________________________________________________


The following list includes the President's public schedule and other 
items of general interest announced by the Office of the Press Secretary 
and not included elsewhere in this issue.

________________________________________________________________________


June 3

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.

June 5

    In the morning, the President had a telephone conversation with 
President Vladimir Putin of Russia. Later, he had an intelligence 
briefing. Then, at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Executive Office Building, 
he met with Chinese Leadership Program Fellows.
    The President declared a major disaster in California and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides from March 
29 to April 16.
    The President declared a major disaster in Minnesota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by flooding from March 30 to May 3.
    The President declared a major disaster in North Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by severe storms, flooding, and ground saturation from March 30 
to April 30.
    The President declared a major disaster in South Dakota and ordered 
Federal aid to supplement State and local recovery efforts in the area 
struck by a severe winter storm from April 18-20.

June 6

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he traveled to Artesia, NM, where he participated in a tour of the 
Federal Law Enforcement Training Center.
    In the afternoon, the President traveled to Laredo, TX, where he 
participated in a tour of the Laredo Border Patrol Sector Headquarters. 
Later, he visited briefly with staff and students of Mary Help of 
Christians School. He then visited the Cotulla Style Pit Bar-B-Que 
restaurant.
    Later in the afternoon, the President traveled to Omaha, NE, where, 
upon arrival, he met with USA Freedom Corps volunteer John ``Buzz'' 
Garlock.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to St. 
Petersburg, Russia, to attend the G-8 Summit on July 15-17.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Wayne Cartwright 
Beyer to be a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Cesar Benito 
Cabrera to be Ambassador to Mauritius and the Seychelles.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Robert L. Sumwalt 
III to be a member of the National Transportation Safety Board and, upon 
confirmation, to designate him as Vice Chair.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Colleen Conway-
Welch and C. Thomas Yarington, Jr., to be members of the Board of 
Regents of the Uniformed Services University for Health Sciences.
    The President announced his intention to designate Lt. Gen. Ronald 
L. Burgess, Jr., as Acting Principal Deputy Director of National 
Intelligence.

June 7

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing. Later, 
he visited Catholic Charities--Juan Diego Center, where he participated 
in a microbusiness networking breakfast and a U.S. citizenship class.
    Also in the morning, the President had separate telephone 
conversations with President Elias Antonio Saca Gonzalez of El Salvador 
and President-elect Alan Garcia of Peru.
    In the afternoon, the President returned to Washington, DC. Later, 
he met with Republican congressional leaders. He then met with Members 
of Congress who had recently traveled to Iraq.

[[Page 1113]]

    In the evening, National Security Adviser Stephen J. Hadley briefed 
the President on the death of senior Al Qaida associate Abu Musab Al 
Zarqawi in Baquba, Iraq, following U.S. airstrikes.
    The White House announced that the President will welcome President 
Alvaro Uribe Velez of Colombia to the White House on June 14.
    The White House announced that the President will host Prime 
Minister Janez Jansa of Solvenia at the White House on July 10.

June 8

    In the morning, the President had separate telephone conversations 
with Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom and Prime Minister 
Nuri al-Maliki of Iraq to discuss the death of Abu Musab Al Zarqawi in 
Baquba, Iraq, on June 7. Later, he had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President had lunch with President Michelle 
Bachelet of Chile. Later, in the Roosevelt Room, he met with President 
Vaira Vike-Freiberga of Latvia. He and Mrs. Bush then traveled to Camp 
David, MD.
    The White House announced that the President will travel to 
Budapest, Hungary, on June 22, following his participation in the U.S.-
European Union Summit in Vienna, Austria.

June 9

    In the morning, the President had an intelligence briefing.
    In the afternoon, the President and Mrs. Bush had lunch with Prime 
Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark and his wife, Anne-Mette.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Randall M. Fort to 
be Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Margo M. McKay to 
be Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Civil Rights.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Stephen S. 
McMillin to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Drue Pearce to be 
Federal Coordinator for Alaska Natural Gas Transportation Projects.
    The President announced his intention to nominate Marc Spitzer to be 
a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.